WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl After Two Missed Quarters, Can Dell Make
Investors Happy at Last? August 21, 2012 at 4:30 am PT Tweet Share Print
Computing and IT giant Dell will report its quarterly earnings results today,
after the markets close for trading in New York. Investors will get a look at
the latest state of play at Dell on its path to transform itself from a PC-
centric company to one that focuses more on enterprise hardware and services.
It has been a busy quarter. Dell won a $2.4 billion bidding war for Quest
Software, and made a key hire to run the nascent software unit of which Quest
will become a part. CEO Michael Dell has made no secret of the fact that he
continues to be on the prowl for acquisitions. Last quarter wasn’t so good.
The company reported its second earnings miss in a row, and an outlook that
was far bleaker than analysts expected. Since then, Dell shares have been
trading below $13 a share. Dell closed at $12.56 yesterday, up 34 cents, or
more than 2 percent. So what are the analysts expecting today? Revenue that
falls slightly short of expectations, but healthier profit margins. The
consensus calls for Dell to report sales of $14.7 billion, and per-share
earnings of 46 cents. Generally speaking, demand at Dell’s enterprise
businesses has probably held up a lot better than its PC business has, analyst
Chris Whitmore of Deutsche Bank wrote in a note to clients yesterday.
Companies are buying more stuff than consumers, and servers and storage
equipment is more profitable than consumer-grade PCs, anyway. “Despite weak PC
shipments, we believe Dell’s server and storage revenue was relatively healthy
as Dell is off to a good start with the Romley transition,” he wrote,
referring to the code name for the latest generation of Intel server chip. “As
a result, we expect Revenue to miss due to soft PCs, but mix to shift towards
Dell’s higher margin infrastructure products.” Dell’s gross margin, an
important indicator of overall profitability, will, at 22 percent, be more
than a point lower than it was in the year-ago quarter, Whitmore says, but as
cost-cutting measures and a shift in the overall mix of products sold becomes
more profitable, he sees that improving. Better supplies of hard drives
following last year’s shortage brought about by the flooding in Thailand have
also helped, as has a relatively benign environment on the pricing of
components like memory chips. There’s still a way to go on the turnaround,
Whitmore says. He expects Dell to pare back its earnings outlook for its
fiscal year 2013 from $2.13 a share, as demand slackens ahead of the switch to
Microsoft’s Windows 8, which should get into full swing later this year and
into 2013. He says $1.85 a share is a more realistic profit for fiscal 2013.
The good news in PCs: About two-thirds of Dell’s existing corporate customers
are still running Windows XP, meaning they’re long overdue for an upgrade.
Tagged with: Dell, earnings, enterprise hardware, enterprise services, Intel,
mergers and acquisitions, Michael Dell, Microsoft, PCs, quarterly results,
quest, Quest Software, Romley, servers, software Apple Denies Working with NSA
on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version