WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Kara Visits DLD in Germany January 21, 2008 at
2:36 am PT Tweet Share Print I am now at the DLD conference in Munich, which
is put on by Hubert Burda Media, a gathering that has become one of Europe’s
most interesting in recent years. The three-day DLD–which stands for Digital,
Life, Design–focuses on digital innovation, science and culture and has the
most cosmopolitan audience of any conference out there. It is chaired by
publisher Hubert Burda and serial Israeli investor Joseph Vardi and hosted by
Stephanie Czerny and Marcel Reichart. It is interesting to be here to garner a
lot of different viewpoints from outside the U.S., and I will be visiting a
lot of German Web start-ups over the next week. There is also a lot of
Olympic-level schmoozing, of course, since there are precious few such events
in Europe compared to the conference-crazy U.S. There are also, of course, a
lot of the usual suspects from the States and especially Silicon Valley. So
far this morning, I have run into folks like former Microsoftie Linda Stone,
Yahoo’s Bradley Horowitz, writer and entrepreneur Esther Dyson, Facebook’s
Matt Cohler and, yes, Martha Stewart (who needs no introduction). I am also
here to interview onstage for DLD today Kenneth Roth (pictured here), longtime
executive director of Human Rights Watch, which investigates, reports on and
seeks to curb human-rights abuses in some 70 countries. To say I am out of my
league in interviewing such a serious and substantive figure is an
understatement, especially given that I spend all my time contemplating the
monetization of widgets (to be more specific, the non-monetization), the fate
of content on the Web and the exact date the hype of social networking will
end. Still, I will give it my best effort and perhaps focus on the use of
digital tools to get information and stories of heinous injustices out
worldwide. After all, the Web has to be more than SuperPoking and dumb online
videos on cats skateboarding. Our session is aptly named: “Inconvenient
Stories.” My favorite kind. Video, of course, to follow. Tagged with:
BoomTown, Bradley Horowitz, digital, DLD, Europe, Facebook, Germany, Hubert
Burda, Hubert Burda Media, Human Rights Watch, Internet, Joseph Vardi, Kara
Swisher, Kenneth Roth, Linda Stone, Marcel Reichart, Martha Stewart, Matt
Cohler, Microsoft, Munich, Stephanie Czerny, Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version