WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Joann S. Lublin, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal Saving Jobs to
Stay Ahead December 24, 2009 at 5:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Cristóbal Conde
knows adversity. His family fled Chile following a 1973 coup because his
father, a university professor, feared the new military rulers. On Sept. 11,
2001, Mr. Conde was visiting an investor on the 32nd floor of the south tower
of the World Trade Center, but escaped unhurt. So the 49-year-old CEO of
SunGard Data Systems Inc. is not rattled by the recession. He says he’s more
concerned about how the information-technology company will fare during an
economic recovery. In mid-2008, he told lieutenants to minimize layoffs of
programmers, so SunGard could continue to generate new products. Mr. Conde
says the costly bet contributed to SunGard’s sharply higher net loss for the
first nine months of this year. Read the rest of this post on the original
site Tagged with: Chile, Cristóbal Conde, digital, economy, frontpage,
information technology, Joann S. Lublin, layoffs, politics, programmers,
recession, September 11, software, SunGard Data Systems, The Wall Street
Journal, World Trade Center Must-Reads from other Websites Why Apple Should
Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas, Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say
Paul Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton,
Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My Year With Google Glass Mat Honan,
Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The
Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors,
Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside » About Voices Along with original
content and posts from across the Dow Jones network, this section of
AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites — pieces we’ve read,
discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from external sites are
included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines. We link to the
original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly labeled, so it’s clear
that the content comes from other websites, and for clarity’s sake, all
outside posts run against a pink background. We also solicit original full-
length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions. Read more » Featured
Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara
Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing
in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying
Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful
Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop
Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-
to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The
Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal
Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha
in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version