WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka The Week Gets Its Third Publisher in Three Years October
8, 2013 at 1:39 pm PT Tweet Share Print The Week, the offline/online news
aggregator, has a new publisher. Tim Koorbusch, who had been running U.S.
sales for Say Media for the last year, has replaced Michael Wolfe, who joined
the company at the beginning of 2012. Wolfe had replaced Jessica Sibley, who
had put in 18 months on the job. The Week is owned by U.K.-based Dennis
Publishing, and is best known for its counterintuitive print edition, which
does what isn’t supposed to be feasible anymore: It sums up the week’s news in
a paper-and-ink product. As of July, it had a circulation of 550,000. Steven
Kotok, who runs The Week and trivia magazine Mental Floss for Dennis in the
U.S., declined to comment on the personnel change. But in a company memo
announcing the move last Friday, Kotok wrote that “While in terms of financial
results we are seeing our best year yet for both The Week and for Mental
Floss, we see the need to continue to invest in and build our brands for
sustained future growth.” Tagged with: advertising, Dennis Publishing,
Industry Moves, Jessica Sibley, magazine, Michael Wolfe, print, SAY Media,
Steven Kotok, The Week, Tim Koorbusch Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter
While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24,
2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at
11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings.
December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug
December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on
Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20,
2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version