WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Not With a Bang But a Fatal
Error January 4, 2008 at 10:49 am PT Tweet Share Print Our universe could be
the hobby of some Cartesian Evil Genius who runs our lives the way one might
play The Sims. That’s the gist of the argument proffered in “The Physical
World as a Virtual Reality,” a new scientific paper from Massey University
professor Brian Whitworth. “[L]ogically the world could be an information
simulation running on a three-dimensional space-time screen,” posits
Whitworth. Sounds like someone’s been spending a little too much time with the
Matrix RPG Society, eh? Either that or he’s the long-lost third Wachowski
Brother. That said, Whitworth’s argument does have its merits. Top among them:
It offers a handy answer for troubling questions like: “What existed before
the big bang?” Writes Whitworth: … the virtual-reality hypothesis means the
big bang is much easier to explain. No virtual reality can have existed
forever, since it depends upon a processor to create it. All virtual realities
come into being, or ‘start up,’ at a specific moment of time. They typically
begin with a sudden influx of all the information necessary to initiate the
virtual world. Whenever one starts a computer game or boots up a computer,
such a ‘big bang’ happens. From the perspective of the virtual world itself,
the creation is always from ‘nothing,’ as before the virtual world start-up
there was indeed no time or space as defined by that world. There was nothing
relative to that world, because the world itself did not exist. It is a
hallmark of virtual realities that they must come into existence at a specific
point in their space and time, which event also initiates the VR space-time
fabric. Note that in a virtual world there is no logical reason why all
initiating information cannot initially ‘point’ to a single arbitrary
location, i.e. no reason why an entire universe cannot exist at a single
point. In this view, then, the big bang was simply when our universe was
‘booted up.’ ” If that is indeed the case, the world will presumably end with
some sort of fatal error. What was it T.S. Eliot wrote in “The Hollow Men”?
This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends This is the way
the world ends Not with a bang but a BSOD.” Tagged with: big bang, computer,
John Paczkowski, universe, virtual, virtual reality Late Start May Be
Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT
Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for
Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter
for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25
Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version