Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets
Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts White Papers Adaptive
Insights Blog Learn Go deeper into topics that take business planning to the
next level My Industry is ...Business ServicesEnergy and UtilitiesFinancial
ServicesHealthcareHigher
EducationInsuranceManufacturingNonprofitRetailSoftware and Technology My
Resource Interest Is ...analyst-reportblog-postcfo-
indicatordatasheetebookinfographicvideowebcastwhite-paper I Want to Learn
About ...BudgetingDashboards and AnalysisFinancial CloseForecastingReporting
cfo-indicator Full Steam Ahead: On Board with Automated Financial Reporting...
Our CFO Indicator Q4 2017 survey explores CFOs’ perspectives on the role of
automation with respect to processes, hiring practices, and team skillsets.
Results reveal that CFOs are moving full speed ahead with automation to become
more strategic and agile. Download cfo-indicator CFO Indicator: Race To A
Single Source of Truth Our CFO Indicator Q3 2017 survey explores CFOs’
confidence relative to data and technology, as well as their progress in
moving toward a “single source of truth” (single source of financial and
operational data). Results reveal that Finance has successfully cleared what
we believe to be one of the most significant hurdles—their hesitancy to
store... Download cfo-indicator Danger Zone: How the Pace of Finance Threatens
Corporate Agility Our Q1 2017 global survey explores how finance leaders are
currently addressing and planning for a faster, more agile finance
organization. Results from these "top guns" of finance indicate a desire to
overcome the time deficits that currently exist in reporting, data collection,
and budgeting so that more resources can be allocated to... Download cfo-
indicator CFO Indicator Q4 2016 – Piece by Piece: The Challenges in... Our Q4
2016 global survey explored the topic of reporting with over 400 CFOs who
shared their opinions on reporting process efficiencies, current and expected
report volumes, and existing shortcomings in reporting systems. Results
indicate an opportunity to automate non-value-added tasks so that finance has
the time needed to deliver actionable... Download cfo-indicator CFO Indicator
Q3 2016 Report Our CFO Q3 2016 survey explores the increased tracking of non-
financial key performance indicators (KPIs) to better measure current and
future corporate performance. Download cfo-indicator CFO Indicator Q2 2016 –
Peak Ascent: How FP&A; Can Guide CFOs... The Q2 2016 global CFO survey from
Adaptive Insights took a deep dive into financial planning and analysis
(FP&A;) for the first time—and revealed a great need for FP&A; teams to become
more strategic to support CFOs as they increasingly play a broader role in
guiding corporate planning and performance. The report highlights CFOs’
hiring... Download cfo-indicator CFO Indicator Q1 2016: Big Data, Better
Vision: The Agile CFO The latest global CFO survey from Adaptive Insights
shares insights from finance leaders around how they leverage big data &
analytics, strategic initiatives bringing value to their organization, and
hurdles to overcome on the path to CEO. Results indicate strategic leaders are
leveraging data and analytics to drive scenario planning, looking... Download
cfo-indicator CFO Indicator Q4 2015: Collaborative Finance Organizations:
The... The CFO is moving from finance gatekeeper to a champion of strategy and
value creation, and finance’s reach and impact now extends throughout the
company. Insights from a survey of 533 global CFOs highlight the evolving role
of the CFO and the need for deeper collaboration and expanded skills across
the entire finance function. Download cfo-indicator CFO Indicator Report Q3
2015: Strategic CFOs Break Down Silos to... The latest global CFO survey from
Adaptive Insights shares insights from finance leaders faced with increasing
responsibility as the amount of data managed by their teams continues to grow.
Results indicate strategic leaders are driving their organizations toward a
single source of truth. Download cfo-indicator Q2 2015 CFO Indicator Summary
Report: CFOs Ready to Lead... Survey results show that nearly half of global
CFOs expect to play a more strategic leadership role. This summary report of
the research highlights inhibitors to success, current technology challenges,
and areas for future investment. Download Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning
Cloudfor Finance for Sales Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col
2SolutionsChallenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer
SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training &
Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO
Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts
White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu
Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin
twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy
Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA
94303 ×Close