WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl What an Overlooked Court Hearing Means for
Carl Icahn’s Next Move on Dell July 8, 2013 at 3:10 pm PT Tweet Share Print
From the earliest days that he sought to put a stop to the $24.4 billion
buyout of Dell by the company’s founder Michael Dell and the private equity
firm Silver Lake Partners, Carl Icahn, the activist investor, has suggested
that he’d resort to the courts in order to be heard. In his very first letter
to Dell’s board on March 7, Icahn promised “years of litigation” challenging
the transaction. The fact is, he and other shareholders have already resorted
to the courts. Earlier this year they filed in a Delaware Chancery Court
seeking a way to block the deal. In a June 19 hearing, noticed last week by
The Wall Street Journal, a judge soundly turned back that effort, effectively
saying that if Icahn and company aren’t offering to buy out all of Dell, they
don’t have much of a leg to stand on in arguing against a deal that proposes
to do exactly that. The judge in the case, Chancellor Leo E. Strine, ruled
from the bench that the shareholders challenging the buyout effort were wrong
to argue that the deal process has been flawed in some way. The key statement
from Strine is on page 42 of the transcript, which you can read in full below:
“I do not see any plausible, conceivable basis in which to conclude that it is
a colorable possibility that you could deem the choices made by this board to
be unreasonable with all the different safeguards.” Essentially, Strine
blessed the numerous ways in which the special committee of Dell’s board of
directors had structured the “go shop” process. Icahn had criticized it in an
open letter to shareholders on June 18, comparing Dell’s board to a real
estate agent not really interested in selling a house: “Can you imagine a real
estate broker running advertisements warning of termite danger in a house each
time a prospective buyer seems interested?” I am not a lawyer, but it seems
that at least one big piece of any legal argument that Icahn or anyone else in
his camp might yet float in trying to stop this deal or undo it after the fact
is kind of bruised. It’s a fair bet that he’ll find another legal theory to
argue when the time comes, though. Meanwhile, Icahn, Southeastern Asset
Management and other shareholders announced one thing they definitely will do:
They will vote their shares against the deal, although we pretty much already
knew that. Reacting to today’s recommendation from Institutional Shareholder
Services in favor of the Michael Dell/Silver Lake buyout, Icahn and
Southeastern issued a joint press release saying they “disagree with ISS’
findings”: “Southeastern and Icahn disagree with the ISS voting recommendation
issued earlier today, which did not appear to address fair value for Dell’s
stockholders. … Southeastern and Icahn have repeatedly stated their belief
that the $13.65 per share Michael Dell/Silver Lake buyout offer inherently
undervalues Dell and that any value-creating transaction Dell enters into
should give stockholders the opportunity to participate in the company’s
future prospects. We continue to believe that Dell’s owners deserve better and
can achieve more by voting against the Michael Dell/Silver Lake transaction
and by subsequently electing new directors who will act to create superior
value for stockholders. Based on numerous conversations with our fellow Dell
stockholders, we are confident that many of Dell’s significant owners share
our view.” Other shareholders who have chimed in with public statements on the
matter today include Richard Pzena, head of Pzena Investment Management who,
according to CNBC, intends to follow through on his earlier promise to vote
against. According to data from Thomson Reuters, Pzena controls about 12.9
million shares, enough for about 0.72 percent of the company. There haven’t
yet been statements from any other major shareholders to change my recent
back-of-the-envelope count showing that about 18 percent and change will
oppose the buyout. NE061913b Tagged with: buyout, Carl Icahn, Delaware,
Delaware Chancery Court, Dell, lawsuits, leveraged buyout, litigation, Michael
Dell, Silver Lake Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December
31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses
for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle
Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social
Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT
Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27,
2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version