Mobile Here’s How the Oculus Rift Will Work on Mobile Published on August 30,
2013 by Eric Johnson Oculus Rift, the much-hyped virtual reality gaming
console interface that debuted at E3 2012, is still seemingly some time off
from a consumer release. But at PAX Prime, the gaming convention being held
this weekend in Seattle, the Oculus VR team is showing off a new HD version
and talking more about how the gadget might work on mobile devices as well as
PCs. Currently, the only Rifts in the wild are $300 dev kit versions, made for
game developers. The HD iteration of the hardware, currently unavailable to
those developers, improves on the VR headset’s screen resolution, which is
all-important for convincing the wearers that they’re physically in a virtual
world. In a demo with co-founders Nate Mitchell and Palmer Luckey on Friday
morning, I piloted a PC-connected HD Rift around and through a gargantuan
volcano and used it to sit in a virtual movie theater (yes, really), where I
watched the trailer for “Man of Steel.” But as CEO Brendan Iribe told Edge
Magazine last month, the company is internally working on mobile support for
the Rift. In other words, instead of requiring gamers to be tethered to a PC,
Oculus wants to be able to power the virtual reality experience from a mobile
device’s hardware. Luckey said that currently, the Rift only works with
Android devices that have video output and can “host” the Rift via USB
connectivity. Oculus VR co-founders Palmer Luckey, left, and Nate Mitchell,
right, calibrate Oculus Rifts before a demo at PAX.“We’re about mobile gaming
hardware,” Luckey said. “We don’t want to play [casual] mobile games in VR.”
However, Mitchell then jumped in to say that he’d seen a Candy Crush-esque
match-three game playing on the Rift, and that it worked well, even if it
didn’t fully take advantage of VR’s capabilities. Mitchell added that he
didn’t want to close off the potential catalog to only the games that will
work in hardcore virtual reality: “I think it’s going to be lot like Steam,”
he said, in reference to the Valve-operated PC gaming store, with a mix of
serious AAA titles available at prices competitive with those of console
games, and simpler experiences that might be sold for as little as a few
dollars. “We’ve seen vacation simulators” among developers’ early work, he
said. “I dropped my father into one, and he was like, ‘This is great!'” Luckey
enthused that the Rift itself could one day become an Android device, with a
chip that might currently be found in one of those high-end phones embedded in
the headset itself. The company chose to start with Android because of the
operating system’s openness as compared to iOS, but isn’t completely ruling
out the latter. And what’s next? About 150 games now work natively with the
Rift, the co-founders said. The company still hasn’t yet publicly committed to
a launch date for the consumer version, but Luckey coyly mentioned that Oculus
has “exciting developments [ahead] through the next three quarters,” including
some with consumer implications. For more about the Rift, check out Mitchell
and Luckey’s Q&A; with AllThingsD from May. Return to: Here’s How the Oculus
Rift Will Work on Mobile URL: http://allthingsd.com/20130830/heres-how-the-
oculus-rift-will-work-on-mobile/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | ©
2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.