WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Two New Yawners From RIM:
BlackBerry Pearl 3G, Bold 9650 April 26, 2010 at 5:33 am PT Tweet Share Print
“If you saw the road map, you’d be blown away.” — RIM co-CEO Jim Balsillie,
April 1, 2010 Research In Motion (RIMM) kicked off its Wireless Enterprise
Symposium this week by uncrating two new handsets, the Bold 9650 and the Pearl
3G. Incremental upgrades to their predecessors, neither device is much of a
head-turner. The successor to the BlackBerry Tour 9630, the Bold 9650 features
a 480×360 display, 3.2 megapixel camera, optical trackpad, GPS and 802.11b/g
Wi-Fi support. It’s designed to work with either quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE/UMTS
or dual-band CDMA/EV-DO. The candybar Pearl 3G is similarly unimpressive. It
features UMTS/HSDPA and Wi-Fi (b/g/n) support along with GPS, a 3.2 megapixel
camera, an optical trackpad, a microSD/SDHD memory card slot. Excitingly, it
is “the smallest BlackBerry smartphone yet.” Well, there’s that. If these
devices are the first milestones on the revolutionary product road map to
which co-CEO Jim Balsillie referred during RIM’s last earnings call, the
company needs a better cartographer. Neither of these handsets is likely to
give RIM much advantage in a market increasingly enamored of super-smartphones
like the iPhone, DROID and Nexus One. As Charter Equity Research analyst Ed
Snyder observed in a note earlier this month, “Weak offerings in [touchscreen
phones] and 3G leave [RIM] heavily exposed to a slew of new smartphones now
hitting the market. While it will certainly maintain its lead in email-based
smartphones, we see little chance it can sustain its market share, pricing or
margins long-term.” Certainly not with new handsets like these; though, to be
fair, the company says it still has a few more things to unveil this week. “We
will have more announcements, so I am not going to comment on further
announcements,” Balsillie told Reuters. “[co-CEO Mike] Lazaridis will be doing
a keynote … So I would tune into his keynote and see what he has to say.”
Tagged with: BlackBerry, BlackBerry Feature, Bold 9650, hardware, John
Paczkowski, Pearl 3G, Research In Motion, RIM Late Start May Be Tempering
China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s
Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks
December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10
Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million
This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version