Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Adaptly Executives Talk
Trends and Predictions for 2018 Reading Time: 4 Minutes With 2018 underway,
the Adaptly exec team is looking ahead to what the year will bring for social
advertising. In 2017, we saw video rise to be the dominant medium on social
media, and augmented and virtual reality adoption fall short of expectations.
Evolving user behavior and new ad formats changed the way advertisers think
about and produce creative. All of last year’s advances have set the stage for
a promising new year. I sat down with several of Adaptly’s leaders to talk
about the trends on the horizon for 2018. What’s next for video in 2018? Kyle
Benedetti, VP of Partnerships: “I’m looking forward to the continued rise of
video. Video is going to continue to take massive leaps towards becoming the
dominant medium for advertising, even outside of social. In 2017, 90% of all
content shared by users on social was video. By 2020, 80% of all internet
traffic will be video. This past year we’ve seen the platforms doubling and
tripling down on how they think about video, and that is setting the stage for
2018 to be a more massive step for video domination.” Montse Guasch, VP of
Marketing: “I think video content creation will evolve in 2018. There is a
difference between repurposing a TV spot on social and utilizing a platform to
communicate a message. When a brand uses a platform to communicate a message,
they create assets specifically for that platform. Brands need to think about
how to become more relevant within the platforms rather than repurposing
content for them. Lisa Cucinotta, VP of Accounts: “Along those same lines,
advertisers will start to realize that they need to stop posting video just
for video’s sake on social. Video on social has to serve a purpose and it has
to feel authentic to the platform. If you’re not going to shoot your video to
be appropriate for the channel, you’re going to miss the mark and waste your
spend with poor results.” How do marketers need to adapt their strategies to
make an impact this year? Guasch: “Brands and agencies will no longer be able
to get away with having a basic understanding of social. Social isn’t some
small part of marketing that advertisers can make work with a little general
knowledge; it has become a main digital channel that drives business goals at
efficient scale. Successful social campaigns start with unique strategies
crafted specifically for a platform with a particular user experience in mind.
Repurposing elements from traditional marketing strategies won’t cut it.
Advertisers need help understanding how to craft social-first, thumb-stopping
content, and next year we’ll see more and more big brands and agencies looking
for solutions that provide the social expertise needed to drive innovation.”
Nikhil Sethi, Co-Founder and CEO: “I think we’ll also see the merger of media
and creative this year. You can’t do one well without the other anymore. We’ll
see more organizations coming together, and more platforms and companies start
offering creative solutions. This will allow advertisers to streamline things
through working with fewer partners.” Danielle Shamos, VP of Revenue: “I want
to see advertisers dig deeper into Facebook’s Offline Conversions API. The
data that tool provides helps brands and agencies understand how social
advertising contributes to overall business objectives, and that understanding
will truly impact budgets. The biggest thing we’ve gleaned from the Offline
Conversions API is how to speak to someone based on whether we want them to
convert online or in-store. That differentiation opens up a whole new level of
personalization and will have a real impact on marketing budgets moving
forward.” What do you see in store for our platform partners in 2018?
Cucinotta: “I see Pinterest continuing to evolve into a major platform for
retailers. Newer features like Lens and visual search will help fuel user
discovery of new brands. One of our retail clients found when testing the
Pinterest shopping alpha that 90+% of the traffic coming from Pinterest is new
visitors. Since it’s a discovery platform, brands with lower brand awareness
or market penetration are able to find users who are much more apt to be open
to new brands.” Shamos: “I think Snapchat will continue to make big strides in
2018. We’ve seen some pretty efficient results from the platform, which tells
me that people using the app are ripe to convert. The key is speaking to
Snapchat users in the way they want to be spoken to, and that’s something
marketers are starting to figure out. I see Snapchat honing in on areas that
make an impact for businesses like the Snapchat pixel, which will help
advertisers meet their objectives and optimize for them across the funnel in
2018.” Will 2018 be the year that AR and VR finally take off? Benedetti: “AR
is going to be big in 2018. We teased it a little in 2017, but the adoption
wasn’t there because people just didn’t know how to use it. Now that Apple has
released the iPhone 8 and iPhone X with AR built into the software, we will
see people get more comfortable with it. Once Apple does something, it gets
picked up a lot quicker. And as soon as people understand AR, advertisers will
get on board.” Matt Burgoon, SVP of Media Operations: “I think that virtual
reality will hit its stride, too. VR will become more accessible to more
people through the platforms and apps we already use every day. Currently,
access to VR content involves a hefty investment in special equipment or
downloading a specific app; that cost and exclusivity have been barriers to
entry for most people. As soon as we see our’ favorite apps and social
platforms incorporating VR features, VR use will take off.” Start your 2018
marketing strategy off right with Adaptly’s guides to The Best Ad Types for
Every Stage of the Funnel, Multi-Platform Entertainment Campaign Planning, and
Super Bowl 2018. Chandler Sopko Marketing Manager Chandler has been with
Adaptly for 3 years, bringing her marketing background and love of social
media to the ad tech scene. When she isn’t looking at pictures of food on
Instagram she can be found doing the crossword or exploring New York City.
Office New York Share Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access
download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with
the latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments
Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599,
ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17
New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX
Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th
Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact