WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski How Many iPhones Can Apple
Sell on China Mobile? (Spoiler: Lots) December 5, 2013 at 8:17 am PT Tweet
Share Print It has taken more than five years, but Apple has finally inked its
long-anticipated iPhone distribution deal with China Mobile, and in doing so,
has seized an opportunity for big smartphone market-share gains. With more
than 700 million subscribers, China Mobile is the largest wireless carrier in
the world, and one of the few that can significantly move the needle on iPhone
sales. But by how much? The first estimates began rolling in last night, and
they’re sizable. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster figures that Apple could
sell 17 million total iPhones on China mobile in 2014. That’s about 10 percent
of the carrier’s 3G subscriber base, and two percent of its total subscribers,
which seems a reasonable estimate. Remember that China’s lower incomes and the
high unsubsidized price of the iPhone will likely temper demand for the
device. As Munster notes, the average unsubsidized cost of a smartphone on
China Mobile is about $270 — significantly lower that the $718 and $846
unsubsidized prices of the iPhone 5c and 5s. Munster’s forecast is
conservative compared to some others. ISI analyst Brian Marshall, for example,
is looking for more than double that 17-million-unit figure. He’s calling for
iPhone sales on China Mobile of 38.7 million for calendar 2014, with seven
million sold in Q1, 8.7 million in Q2, 10.5 million in Q3, and 12.5 million in
Q4. And over at Cantor Fitzgerald, analyst Brian White is forecasting calendar
2014 iPhone sales of 20 million to 24 million on China Mobile. Big numbers,
all of them, the magnitude of the final number to be driven by marketing as
much as demand, as Wedge Partners analyst Brian Blair — who is figuring on
sales of 18 million to 20 million — observes. “We expect a strong marketing
push to follow the official announcement, and that is what is critical,” he
told AllThingsD. “It’s Apple’s job to turn the Chinese consumer away from
entrenched brands like Samsung.” Tagged with: Apple, ATD Facebook, Brian
Blair, Brian Marshall, Brian White, China Mobile, Gene Munster, iPhone, iPhone
5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone sales Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone
Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013
at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12
pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at
5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013
at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version