WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Speaker Martha Stewart Founder & DirectorMartha Stewart Living
Omnimedia, Inc. Millions of consumers rely on Martha Stewart as their arbiter
of style and taste and their guide to all aspects of everyday living – from
cooking and entertaining to decorating and gardening. One savvy businesswoman,
Stewart created an expansive multimedia portfolio that encompasses magazines,
the marthastewart.com website, an Emmy Award-winning television show, a line
of home-improvement products at The Home Depot, home products exclusively at
Macy’s, pet products at PetSmart, Martha Stewart Crafts, and more. Next year,
she plans to launch Martha Stewart stores within J. C. Penney department
stores, as well as a Martha Stewart e-commerce site. Coming soon: Martha
Stewart to launch own space program. It could happen. Posts With Martha
Stewart Voices BlogHer to WSJ: Here’s the Rest of the Story About Blogging
Business Trips Elisa Camahort Page, COO and Co-Founder, BlogHer Inc. in Voices
on April 29, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT According to a WSJ.com article by Katie
Rosman, the chardonnay-infused disco just never ends at women’s blogging
conferences, where every blogger is a mom getting her due. Hey, AOL Content
Makers! Meet Your New Boss, Susan Lyne — And Start Thinking About Video, Right
Now. Peter Kafka in Media on March 4, 2013 at 5:05 am PT And if you’re
wondering what “brand” means at AOL, the company’s new Brand Group CEO is
happy to explain. Voices A Thanksgiving Centerpiece (Comic) Nitrozac and
Snaggy in Voices on November 22, 2012 at 10:00 am PT Here is the latest comic
from our Joy of Tech friends at Geek Culture, Nitrozac and Snaggy. Joy of Tech
appears three times a week in the Voices section of this site. Commerce in a
Box: Birchbox and Brit + Co. Launch New Subscription Services Tricia Duryee in
Commerce on November 15, 2012 at 12:04 pm PT The growing selection of
subscription goodie boxes now includes offerings featuring home decor and
crafts. News Byte Brit Media Raises $1.25M and Launches Wedding Web Site Tools
Tricia Duryee in Commerce on April 30, 2012 at 9:00 am PT Former Google TV
product lead Brit Morin is disclosing today that she has raised $1.25 million
in seed funding from an impressive list of investors, including Marissa Mayer,
Aileen Lee, Tina Sharkey and Seth Goldstein, Kevin Colleran, Annabel Teal,
Index Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund Angel and DMGT. The company —
called Brit Media — is aiming to build a new lifestyle brand (think Martha
Stewart), and kicks off today with Weduary, a customizable and social wedding
Web site. Martha Stewart on the Web: A Good Thing. The Full Dive Into Media
Interview. Peter Kafka in Dive Into Media on February 15, 2012 at 12:02 pm PT
Martha Stewart is a celebrity and a brand and a business. Which means she has
even more opportunity in an era where the Web lets her go directly to her
fans. Interview: Martha Stewart on Tech Etiquette, Her Two BlackBerrys and
More (Video) Ina Fried in Mobile on February 2, 2012 at 5:00 am PT Martha
Stewart shares her list of tech gripes in a video interview with AllThingsD’s
Ina Fried. Martha Stewart Makes Her Home on the Internet (Video) Liz Gannes in
Dive Into Media on January 31, 2012 at 1:56 pm PT Apps and digital editions,
how-to content and litter boxes, were all topics of discussion in a D: Dive
Into Media session with Martha Stewart herself and Martha Stewart Living
Omnimedia CEO Lisa Gersh. Martha Stewart on Her Changing Media Empire Ina
Fried in Dive Into Media on January 31, 2012 at 11:30 am PT “We are relentless
in serving our customers where they need us, where they want us,” Stewart
said, speaking at D: Dive Into Media on Tuesday. More Stars for D: Dive Into
Media — Jason Kilar, Dick Costolo and Martha Stewart Join Us Onstage Peter
Kafka in Dive Into Media on December 20, 2011 at 9:00 am PT Our first-ever
media conference kicks off in a litte more than a month. And we’ve added the
heads of Hulu, Twitter and Martha Stewart Living to a star-studded cast. What
Martha Saw: #D9 Tweets From the Eyes of the Audience Drake Martinet in D9,
June 7, 2011 at 5:25 pm PT AOL Officially Adds 5Min to Its Roster. Next? Peter
Kafka in Media, September 28, 2010 at 6:25 am PT Kara Visits the Big Apple
Geeks (Plus Martha and Arianna!) Kara Swisher in News, June 10, 2010 at 10:13
am PT Sony Bets on a Countertop View of the Web Katherine Boehret in The
Mossberg Solution, May 11, 2010 at 1:32 pm PT Twitter’s Wallflowers Get a
Little Less Timid. But It’s Still a Service for Watchers, Not Talkers. Peter
Kafka in Media, March 10, 2010 at 7:12 am PT Katie Boehret on the Martha
Stewart Show–It’s a Good Thing Walt Mossberg in Mossblog, February 26, 2010 at
3:50 pm PT 11.28.09 Weekend Update–Black Friday, Blue Saturday Edition Drake
Martinet in News, November 28, 2009 at 12:30 pm PT Software That Makes Twitter
So Much Tweeter Katherine Boehret in The Mossberg Solution, July 14, 2009 at
6:02 pm PT Coming to a Web Site Near You (This One): The Entire D7 Interview
and Demo Sessions Kara Swisher in D7, June 8, 2009 at 11:22 am PT Wenda
Millard Out at Martha Stewart Peter Kafka in Media, April 21, 2009 at 5:30 am
PT Who Will Be the New Yahoo Execs? (BoomTown Nominates Martha Stewart) Kara
Swisher in News, March 18, 2009 at 12:17 am PT Maybe the Feds Can Diagnose
What Ails Apple and Steve Jobs (and Whether It Matters or Not) Kara Swisher in
News, January 21, 2009 at 2:36 am PT Martha Stewart CEO Wenda Harris Millard:
I’m Not Going to Microsoft, or Anywhere Else Peter Kafka in Media, October 29,
2008 at 12:55 pm PT Top 10 Online Geekiest Celebrities Kara Swisher in News,
July 23, 2008 at 3:58 pm PT Microsoft's Project Granola–Facebook Tastier Than
Yahoo? Kara Swisher in News, May 7, 2008 at 2:02 am PT Page 1 of 212Next D:
Dive Into Media All D Conferences Coverage About Conference App Live Stream
Location Media Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Dive Into Media
(2012) Related Videos View all videos » Dive Into Media: Martha StewartMartha
Stewart's Technology Likes and DislikesDive Into Media: Martha StewartDive
Into Media Video: Funny or DieBoomTown Interviews Arianna and Martha!More
Videos » Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D Conference D11 D10
D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into Mobile 2013 Dive Into
Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive Into Media 2012 AsiaD D
Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D Conferences Subscribe So
we’ve been hearing a lot about some letter that we supposedly sent you this
morning. Problem is, we’re a bit groggy and don’t remember sending it. Our
best guess is that you heard about us on that newfangled TV of yours and
thought we might be some good money for your little church.— An open letter
from Anonymous to Fred Phelps and his Westboro Baptist Church in the wake of
the church’s public reply to a declaration of war allegedly published by the
hacker group. Anonymous says the declaration was generated by the church
itself in order to gain publicity. AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version