AllThingsD » Myspace http://allthingsd.com Wed, 19 Feb 2014 15:45:11 +0000 en-
US hourly 1 https://wordpress.org/?v=4.3.16
http://allthingsd.com/theme/images/logo-rss.jpg All Things Digital
http://allthingsd.com/ 144 22 Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its
Stockings. http://allthingsd.com/20131223/happy-holidays-facebook-stuffs-more-
ads-in-its-stockings/ http://allthingsd.com/20131223/happy-holidays-facebook-
stuffs-more-ads-in-its-stockings/#comments Mon, 23 Dec 2013 14:00:58 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=380520 Remember a couple months ago, when Facebook
said it wasn’t going to jam itself full of ads, and Wall Street freaked out?
That was silly. Of course Facebook isn’t going to jam itself full of ads —
everyone there still remembers Myspace. That said, Facebook is not averse to
stocking up on ads — at certain times. Like the last few weeks, when many of
its 1.1 billion users are in shopping mode. Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef
Squali thinks Facebook’s ad load — the percentage of ads in the average
Facebook user’s News Feed — has jumped from five percent in the last quarter
to 10 percent in Q4. It’s not unusual for Facebook to load up on ads during
the end of the year — ad spending jumps everywhere in Q4 — but Squali thinks
this year’s jump is qualitatively different: It “seems more amplified with
bigger brands and a greater mix of higher-priced click-to-play video ads.”
(Remember: Facebook has had video ads for a long time — the new ones it showed
off last week, which you’ll see a lot of next year, are auto-playing ads.)
That has convinced Squali to bump up his ad estimates for the quarter, and to
push his price target for the stock to $65, up from $63. Right now, Facebook
is trading at $55 — right where it was before Friday morning, when the company
announced a big stock sale. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131223/happy-holidays-
facebook-stuffs-more-ads-in-its-stockings/feed/ 0 The Buzziest Social Network,
According to Hip-Hop http://allthingsd.com/20131203/the-buzziest-social-
network-according-to-hip-hop/ http://allthingsd.com/20131203/the-buzziest-
social-network-according-to-hip-hop/#comments Tue, 03 Dec 2013 18:02:53 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=376246 In business and in hip-hop, your reputation is
all you have. And, right now, Twitter’s rep is booming (in the rap world, at
least). This according to RapStats, the latest little experiment to come out
of the gang over at RapGenius, a lyrics-deconstruction startup backed by
Andreessen Horowitz. The new tool is clever — something of an Excel
spreadsheet graph function for the hip-hop lyrics corpus. Punch in a few
terms, and RapStats will spit back a graph comparing the frequency of those
words appearing in hip-hop songs from as far back as 1988 and up to the
present day. According to RapStats, Twitter is in the lead at the moment, with
the most mentions compared to other social networks — with not Facebook, but
Instagram, trailing in second place. Facebook instead comes in at third, with
Tumblr, Myspace and the relatively recent Snapchat rounding out fourth, fifth
and sixth places. It’s a cute idea, and perhaps even helpful for linguists or
scholars studying the rise of certain words or phrases through the hip-hop
lens. One caveat: While RapStats reports frequency, the new tool doesn’t come
with an understanding of sentiment. So keep that in mind when judging
Twitter’s true rep. (Props to Michael S. Galpert for the idea!) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20131203/the-buzziest-social-network-according-to-hip-
hop/feed/ 0 Digital-Ad Vet Mike Barrett on Facebook, Ad-Tech IPOs and a
Cookie-Free Web (Q&A;) http://allthingsd.com/20131014/digital-ad-vet-mike-
barrett-on-facebook-ad-tech-ipos-and-a-cookie-free-web-qa/
http://allthingsd.com/20131014/digital-ad-vet-mike-barrett-on-facebook-ad-
tech-ipos-and-a-cookie-free-web-qa/#comments Mon, 14 Oct 2013 15:34:43 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=365277 Mike Barrett hasn’t had a job since December.
But, before that, he had a lot of jobs in a fairly short time, with top ad-
sales gigs at AOL, Myspace and Yahoo. There was also a stop along the way to
run AdMeld, the ad-tech startup Google bought for $400 million in 2011.
Barrett said he’ll be taking a full-time position soon. But, in the meantime,
he’s keeping busy by investing in ad startups, and occasionally joining their
boards. Last month, Barrett added two more board positions to his resume:
Tremor Video, the video ad network that went public this summer, and
MediaMath, the ad-tech startup many expect will go public soon. So, while
Barrett has a last remaining bit of downtime, we figured it would be a good
chance to pick his brain about the state of digital ads. Here’s an edited
version of our conversation: Peter Kafka: Six years ago, you were talking
about targeted ads at Myspace, where you could help marketers find Web users
with very specific attributes. That never took off at Myspace, but it’s now
commonplace on the Web, via behavioral targeting. Why didn’t it work when you
tried it? Michael Barrett: It was a strong idea, but the reason it wasn’t
executed at the time was that the plumbing wasn’t in place. In order to trade
on that data, it has to be in real time, and you have to be able to make
millisecond decisions about who to show an ad to. The whole ecosystem of the
industry wasn’t there. So building out a proprietary platform that couldn’t
even do real-time targeting … that was a great idea, ahead of its time. There
are sort of two flavors of this happening right now: One kind happens all over
the Web, with information people gather from lots of different websites. And
one kind is supposed to be unique to Facebook, using Facebook’s own data about
its users. Can Facebook succeed where Myspace failed? I think Facebook’s
really interesting, because of scale and the amount of information it has,
most of it volunteered by real people. So they may be able to run the table in
terms of using their own ecosystem that has their own ways of doing things.
But I think, by and large, it’s going to be third-party data that’s being
brought to the party, where it’s information from the advertiser, or reputable
third-party sources. People are going to be using that data as part of a big
piece of the puzzle. Targeting on the Web depends on Web browsers with
cookies, and there are lots of people — most recently Google — talking about
doing away with cookies. What happens if they really go away? If that really
were to move forward the way it’s being proposed, it would have a fundamental
impact on advertising and the economics of sites. You don’t mean a good
impact, right? No, it would be fundamentally negative. But aren’t cookies
going away anyway, because they don’t exist in mobile, and everything’s moving
to mobile? Yeah, but if you look at the rates people are monetizing mobile
right now … most publishers, if they suddenly had rates plummet on the display
side, it would be crushing. But aren’t many of the companies you’re working
with trying to lower ad rates, with technology like programmatic buying? There
have been winners in the programmatic push. Just not premium publishers. There
are publishers that couldn’t catch a cold, couldn’t get an advertiser or
marketer, because they didn’t have the sales wherewithal to get in front of
them — now their inventory is available on exchanges. As to whether they’re
building a brand for themselves, probably not. But their fill is high. And,
for premium publishers, what we’re seeing across the board is higher sell.
Lower CPMs didn’t necessarily translate into less revenue — it did dictate
into lower CPMs. With standard display units, it’s going to be tough to be
rebound, it’s going to be tough to raise pricing. But that’s why you’re seeing
a big push into nonstandard, unique, native formats for some publishers. And I
think you can definitely recoup value on that side. For a long time, there was
skepticism that all of the ad-tech companies that were raising lots of money
could ever go public. Now we’re seeing a few. Are any of the private companies
where you’re a board member [MediaMath, Tapad and Hook Logic] IPO candidates?
There’s a lot of rumors about companies trying to rush out before the
holidays, in light of Rocket Fuel’s success. None of the companies [I’m
working with] are going to be in that list. But it’s certainly plausible in
2014 that some of those companies would be mature enough to go to the public
markets. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131014/digital-ad-vet-mike-barrett-on-
facebook-ad-tech-ipos-and-a-cookie-free-web-qa/feed/ 0 MySpace Co-Founder's
Games Company Acquires Former Zynga Partner
http://allthingsd.com/20130613/myspace-co-founders-games-company-acquires-
former-zynga-partner/ http://allthingsd.com/20130613/myspace-co-founders-
games-company-acquires-former-zynga-partner/#comments Thu, 13 Jun 2013
19:21:54 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=330103 Mobile-social games company
SGN, founded by MySpace cofounder Chris DeWolfe, has acquired another
independent studio, Mob Science, the companies announced in a press release.
Zynga had invested in Mob Science via its Partners program, and published its
Facebook RPG Legends: Rise of a Hero. That game and the rest of Mob Science’s
portfolio is included in the acquisition, but monetary terms of the deal were
not disclosed. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130613/myspace-co-founders-games-
company-acquires-former-zynga-partner/feed/ 0 Myspace Launches a New Mobile
App http://allthingsd.com/20130612/myspace-launches-a-new-mobile-app/
http://allthingsd.com/20130612/myspace-launches-a-new-mobile-app/#comments
Wed, 12 Jun 2013 19:08:11 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=331552 Myspace
debuted a new version of its website and mobile iOS application on Wednesday,
aiming to jumpstart the ailing social network back to life. Among the most
noteworthy features: Users are able to create personalized radio stations
inside the app, streaming music from Myspace’s catalog of 53 million songs.
]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130612/myspace-launches-a-new-mobile-app/feed/ 0
QOTD: And the Buyer's Remorse Lingers On http://allthingsd.com/20130517/qotd-
and-the-buyers-remorse-lingers-on/ http://allthingsd.com/20130517/qotd-and-
the-buyers-remorse-lingers-on/#comments Fri, 17 May 2013 14:10:05 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=322851 Look out Facebook! Hours spent participating
per member dropping seriously. First really bad sign as seen by crappy MySpace
years ago. — Rupert Murdoch, still steamed about that whole MySpace thing,
tweets a warning to Facebook ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130517/qotd-and-the-
buyers-remorse-lingers-on/feed/ 0 Fetch! BarkBox Raises $5 Million for Doggy
Treat Deliveries. http://allthingsd.com/20130409/fetch-barkbox-
raises-5-million-for-doggy-treat-deliveries/
http://allthingsd.com/20130409/fetch-barkbox-raises-5-million-for-doggy-treat-
deliveries/#comments Tue, 09 Apr 2013 11:00:07 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=310180 Myspace for people who like dogs? Seen it.
Airbnb for people who like dogs? Seen two of those. So, of course, there’s a
Birchbox — the subscription service that delivers a monthly package of makeup
samples — for people who like dogs, too. It’s called BarkBox, obviously. It’s
a bit more than a year old and has 35,000 customers paying at least $19 a
month. And now it has $5 million in venture money, via a round led by RRE
Ventures. The new money comes on top of $1.7 million the startup raised last
year, from all of the same investors in the new round, including Lerer
Ventures, Polaris Ventures, 500 Startups and Bertelsmann. The New York-based
company is using the money to build out other canine-related businesses,
including BarkPost, which CEO Matt Meeker describes as a dog-specific version
of BuzzFeed’s “animals” site, and BarkCare, a $199-a-year service that gives
dog owners 24/7 access to vets for consultations online and over the phone.
The company is also rebranding as Bark & Co. In the old days, it was easy to
dismiss this kind of narrow, this-version-of-that-thing concept as a symptom
of a bubble. But we’re (seemingly) past that now — if it works in one
vertical, there’s no reason it can’t in another. And some dog-owners really,
really like their dogs. “One thing that surprised us was that there’s just a
ton of room for innovation in the space,” says Meeker, who created the company
while he was running the New York location of startup incubator Dogpatch Labs
for Polaris, and also co-founded community organizing site Meetup. One
difference between BarkBox and Birchbox, Meeker says, is that BarkBox doesn’t
give subscribers samples, but full-sized deliveries of stuff they’d like their
dogs to have, like toys and treats. Okay. So why not at least broaden the
business out to attract cat-lovers, too? Not happening, says Meeker. “We’re
all-in on dogs, and dogs only.” ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130409/fetch-
barkbox-raises-5-million-for-doggy-treat-deliveries/feed/ 0 Myspace Hires Two
VPs to Prep for Relaunch http://allthingsd.com/20130325/myspace-hires-two-vps-
to-prep-for-relaunch/ http://allthingsd.com/20130325/myspace-hires-two-vps-to-
prep-for-relaunch/#comments Mon, 25 Mar 2013 19:03:01 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=306461 Myspace, the struggling website that fueled
the first major wave of the social Internet, announced Monday that it had
hired two new vice presidents to prepare the company for its major relaunch
this year. New VP of global marketing Christian Parkes comes most recently
from Levi’s, and held a similar previous position at Nike. Joseph Patel will
be Myspace’s VP of content and creative, and was most recently a senior
producer at Vice Magazine. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130325/myspace-hires-
two-vps-to-prep-for-relaunch/feed/ 5 The Science of Investing: Hearst's New
Venture Arm in $30 Million Funding Deal With Los Angeles Tech Studio
http://allthingsd.com/20130214/the-science-of-investing-hearsts-new-venture-
arm-in-30-million-funding-deal-with-los-angeles-tech-studio/
http://allthingsd.com/20130214/the-science-of-investing-hearsts-new-venture-
arm-in-30-million-funding-deal-with-los-angeles-tech-studio/#comments Fri, 15
Feb 2013 02:40:05 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=295456 Hearst Ventures, the
investment arm of media giant Hearst Corporation, said it was making a
minority equity investment in Science, the Los Angeles area tech “studio.”
Privately held Hearst is the sole investor in the new funding, although the
company declined to reveal financial terms of the investment. But sources with
awareness of the deal said it was close to $30 million for a stake above 20
percent. Somewhat akin to a startup accelerator, Science is attempting to
quickly create and scale a number of promising companies in a variety of
areas, and has launched 13 so far. Among the Santa Monica, Calif., tech
studio’s recent efforts: Dollar Shave Club, a subscription-based products
company aimed at men; Ellie, which sells high-end activewear for women; and
Wittlebee, a clothes club for kids. Hearst Ventures is operated by Hearst’s
Entertainment and Syndication unit, which is run by Scott Sassa and George
Kliavkoff. Kliavkoff will join Science’s board of directors. “It’s clear to us
that, while we have these brands that resonate with consumers, we think there
are some learnings we can get from these guys that are hard to get in a big
company,” said Sassa. “Being able to be nimble with insight and guidance is
important for us.” Kliavkoff also noted that this was a way to get immediate
ownership in a range of promising companies. “We are writing one check and
will have an immediate stake in more than a dozen great startups,” he said.
“[Science] has been very thoughtful in starting companies in smart areas.” In
a statement, Hearst CEO Frank Bennack said: “Hearst is continually looking for
smart investments that bring value and intelligence to the company — our
investment in Science does both. We’re excited to partner with Science to
continue its trajectory of success, gain meaningful industry knowledge and
utilize Science’s platforms for current and future Hearst investments.” Though
quieter than most, Hearst Ventures have made many successful investments over
15 years, including in Netscape and Broadcast.com. More recently, it has
funded such companies as Brightcove and Pandora, as well as HootSuite and
BuzzFeed. Science was founded in late 2011 — with $10 million funding from
big-name investors including Google Chairman Eric Schmidt’s Tomorrow Ventures,
Rustic Canyon Partners and White Star Capital. Its CEO is well-regarded
entrepreneur Mike Jones, who was most recently CEO of Myspace. Prior to
Myspace, he had started and sold Userplane to AOL in 2006. In addition, well-
known entrepreneur Peter Pham is chief business officer at Science. “I am very
proud of work that the Science team has accomplished since launching,” said
Jones, in a quick interview tonight (short enough so that his wife would not
get angry at me for ruining Valentine’s Day). “I am extremely excited about
opportunities for Science companies going forward.” More to come, but here is
the very clever viral video that Dollar Shave Club did on its launch: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130214/the-science-of-investing-hearsts-new-venture-
arm-in-30-million-funding-deal-with-los-angeles-tech-studio/feed/ 0 Former
Yahoo Boss Ross Levinsohn Has a New Gig, and a Digital M&A; War Chest
http://allthingsd.com/20130115/former-yahoo-boss-ross-levinsohn-has-a-new-gig-
and-a-digital-ma-warchest/ http://allthingsd.com/20130115/former-yahoo-boss-
ross-levinsohn-has-a-new-gig-and-a-digital-ma-warchest/#comments Tue, 15 Jan
2013 15:56:58 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=285575 Ross Levinsohn, who wanted
to run Yahoo but didn’t get the gig, has a new perch. He’s heading up a new
digital media company backed by Guggenheim Partners. Guggenheim already
controlled several media trade titles, including Billboard, Adweek and the
Hollywood Reporter, so Guggenheim Digital Media will start out running those.
But Levinsohn, who first made his reputation as an M&A; guy at News Corp.
(which owns this website), will be writing checks for new stuff soon.
Guggenheim says it will be giving him “significant capital to acquire and
invest in new media companies.” Fair to assume that he has a target list
drafted. Levinsohn was last seen at Yahoo, where he started out running the
company’s U.S. operations, and ended up moving into the interim CEO job in the
spring of 2012. He campaigned for the permanent job, but lost out to Marissa
Mayer; in between, he tried positioning Yahoo as an entertainment hub.
Guggenheim Partners started out as a management firm for the Guggenheim (the
same folks behind the iconic museums in New York and Spain) family fortune; it
now says it manages more than $160 billion in assets. This isn’t Levinsohn’s
first interaction with the company; in the summer of 2011, it represented
Hulu’s owners as they mulled a sale, and Levinsohn was keen on having Yahoo
buy the video site. Along with Levinsohn’s new appointment, Guggenheim says it
has bought out the remaining stake in the Hollywood Reporter and its other
trades, which had been owned by Jimmy Finkelstein’s Pluribus Capital. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130115/former-yahoo-boss-ross-levinsohn-has-a-new-gig-
and-a-digital-ma-warchest/feed/ 0 One Month On, Mark Cuban Is Doing Just Fine
With Less Facebook in His Life http://allthingsd.com/20121224/one-month-on-
mark-cuban-is-doing-just-fine-with-less-facebook-in-his-life/
http://allthingsd.com/20121224/one-month-on-mark-cuban-is-doing-just-fine-
with-less-facebook-in-his-life/#comments Mon, 24 Dec 2012 20:54:15 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=280473 While most families light Yule logs and sit
around the hearth on Christmas Eve (at least, in the Norman Rockwell vision of
it), billionaire Mark Cuban took to Reddit with an “AMA” — or “Ask Me
Anything” — thread. He answered quite a few things (and as of noon PT on
Monday, seems to still be going strong), but one topic in particular caught my
eye: Cuban’s thoughts on Facebook. It’s pertinent, considering that just a
month ago he was downplaying the importance of Facebook as a platform for
marketing the Dallas Mavericks, the basketball team Cuban owns, as well as
other businesses he is involved in. “Actually [drawing back from Facebook] has
really helped,” Cuban wrote. “While we continue to use FB and even invested in
a company, www.bad.gy, that works to optimize Facebook, we have taken the time
to explore the new Myspace, work on Tumblr, Pinterest and other options.” To
be clear, Cuban hasn’t moved the 70-plus companies he works with off of
Facebook. But it’s certainly not the highest on his priority list. “I believe
the aggregate value of the other options will offer more opportunity for
brands than FB alone,” Cuban wrote. He cites one business of his in particular
— AXS.TV, an online live video site — benefiting from this new strategy. My
take: Looking at the growth rates alone, Pinterest and Tumblr seem to make at
least some sense to focus on in terms of marketing efforts (though I can’t
speak to their referral traffic numbers). I doubt you can seriously compare a
foundering site like Myspace against Facebook, however, when simply looking at
them in terms of scale. The real question for Cuban: Why do an AMA on
Christmas Eve? “Because I can,” he wrote. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121224/one-month-on-mark-cuban-is-doing-just-fine-
with-less-facebook-in-his-life/feed/ 4 Myspace Plans a Reboot -- Again
http://allthingsd.com/20120924/myspace-plans-a-reboot-again/
http://allthingsd.com/20120924/myspace-plans-a-reboot-again/#comments Mon, 24
Sep 2012 22:09:02 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=253603 Myspace, the long-
beleaguered social network, announced plans Monday for a site-wide redesign
that will include a complete visual refresh. Details of the new site were
unveiled in a promotional video that previewed a drastically different,
horizontally oriented user interface and a continued emphasis on music, one of
the site’s strong points in its nearly 10-year existence. The brief unveiling
comes more than a year after News Corp. (AllThingsD’s parent company) sold
Myspace at a half-a-billion-dollar loss to Specific media for $35 million,
after suffering through years of a flagging user base, in sharp contrast to
the skyrocketing success of Facebook, the world’s largest social networking
site. Redesigns are not new to Myspace’s efforts to kickstart its site’s
activity. Last year, Specific media made the rounds to advertisers to make the
case for Myspace, billing the site as the “#1 online community music
destination,” relying heavily on the existing content rights agreements that
it had with the four major record labels. Specific went so far as to call
Myspace the “Hulu of music.” In 2010, there was another attempt to revive the
site with then-CEO Mike Jones at the helm; back then, the aim was to create a
“social entertainment site” aimed at Gen-Y, Web-savvy users. The redesign was
largely ignored by the crowd the company was targeting; News Corp. sold less
than a year after relaunch. We’ll see if the leadership of Justin Timberlake,
one of the site’s major backers, can help with the renewed push into
emphasizing music as the site’s platform. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120924/myspace-plans-a-reboot-again/feed/ 7 Exclusive:
Digital Chief Jon Miller Leaving News Corp.
http://allthingsd.com/20120823/exclusive-digital-chief-jon-miller-leaves-news-
corp/ http://allthingsd.com/20120823/exclusive-digital-chief-jon-miller-
leaves-news-corp/#comments Thu, 23 Aug 2012 19:00:00 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=244270 According to sources close to the situation,
News Corp.’s Chief Digital Officer Jon Miller will soon be leaving the media
giant. It seems to be a cordial, although perhaps inevitable, parting —
sources said Miller will remain an adviser to chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch,
as well as COO Chase Carey and deputy COO James Murdoch, for a year after his
departure in late September. Update: News Corp. confirmed the departure in a
press release, which is embedded below. His leaving brings into focus the fate
of News Corp.’s overall digital strategy in an upcoming new structure. Miller
was hired in 2009 to turbocharge the company’s long-troubled digital assets.
But I had noted in an article in July that the well-known Internet exec was
not likely to continue at News Corp. in the wake of a complex transaction that
will ultimately break the company apart into two separate entities — an
entertainment company and a publishing one. That’s a very different situation
from when Miller was hired by the media giant to lead its tech and online
initiatives and make digital a priority across its many divisions. Not for
lack of trying or access to powerful News Corp. head Rupert Murdoch — it has
been a mixed bag for Miller in his tenure. That’s due in no small part to a
problem faced by many execs like Miller: The difficulty of successfully
pushing digital initiatives inside a large traditional media organization. His
job has encompassed everything from a failed effort to revive its once mighty
Myspace service to selling it and other properties off to working to improve
its Hulu partnership, where he serves on the board. It is not clear who will
replace Miller as one of the News Corp. directors at the complexly-owned
premium video service, which had been for sale and then not recently. One of
the brighter Miller accomplishments for News Corp. has been forging decidedly
better relationships with key Internet companies, both large and small, as
well as with venture investors in Silicon Valley and elsewhere. That was most
pronounced and visible between Apple and News Corp., which struck a number of
deals to work together, some of which worked and some that had much less
success. Miller has also been active in China, working on several digital
investment opportunities for News Corp. there. That included a recent $70
million investment in Bona Film Group. He was key to a recent $45 million
investment by the company and others in the company that sells the Roku video
streaming device. He also worked on various New Corp. efforts on creating
channels on Google’s YouTube, including WIGS, a drama series. The jury is
still out on these kinds of creative endeavors, of course, especially to a
company with much more lucrative traditional film and television assets. There
was a possibility that, in his leaving, Miller might form a separate
investment fund to focus on digital publishing and media, funded by News Corp.
or even by the Murdoch family, who control the company. But that has appeared
not to have worked out, said sources. Before he came to News Corp., Miller ran
an investment fund with former Yahoo exec Ross Levinsohn called Fuse Capital.
He also was chairman and CEO of AOL under its Time Warner ownership and was a
top exec at IAC/InterActiveCorp. Miller has remained an active angel investor,
funding a range of start-ups such as Maker Studios, Voxer, Science, Solavei,
Personal.com, as well many as others. He is also chairman of OpenX and serves
on the boards of Shutterstock and TripAdvisor. Clearly, this is a world Miller
will return to easily and it’s likely he’ll be starting something sooner than
later. (Maybe bringing the band back together with Levinsohn?)
JonathanMillerAug23.2012 (Full disclosure: This Web site is owned by Dow
Jones, which is owned — in turn — by News Corp.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120823/exclusive-digital-chief-jon-miller-leaves-news-
corp/feed/ 0 Exclusive: Ross Levinsohn Departs Yahoo
http://allthingsd.com/20120730/as-expected-ross-levinsohn-departs-yahoo/
http://allthingsd.com/20120730/as-expected-ross-levinsohn-departs-
yahoo/#comments Mon, 30 Jul 2012 20:46:54 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=235164 As I previously reported he likely would, top
Yahoo exec Ross Levinsohn — who lost the CEO race to former Google exec
Marissa Mayer — is leaving the company, according to several sources. Mayer
also just sent a note to the company about the departure, added a multitude of
other sources across the company. (Update: Yahoo just filed regulatory
documents about the separation, noting severance agreements that total many
millions of dollars. And the company also released a statement confirming the
departure: “Ross has done a terrific job during his time at Yahoo!. We wish
him all the best.” Levinsohn also had a memo to staff, which is also below.)
Levinsohn, who took over as interim CEO in the wake of the ouster of Scott
Thompson earlier this year, had been running the Americas unit of the Silicon
Valley Internet giant. That put him in charge of key Yahoo businesses,
including its media and advertising sales divisions. Levinsohn and Mayer have
been negotiating his exit for several days, sources said, which is not
surprising given the awkward circumstance between them. While Mayer might have
benefited from Levinsohn’s close ties with key marketing players and his
content experience, her intense focus on products and not on media likely
means that she will rely on a more tech-heavy leadership team going forward.
It will be interesting to see who she picks going forward. As I previously
reported, many think she will pull from the ranks of former and current Google
execs, where she worked for her entire career before Yahoo. Levinsohn does not
apparently have any current plans for another gig, but as an experienced and
very well-liked online media exec, he will likely have many options. He came
to Yahoo in late 2010, replacing Hilary Schneider, in the regime of Carol
Bartz, who was later fired. Levinsohn arrived at Yahoo from Fuse Capital,
where he worked with Jon Miller — now chief digital officer at News Corp. — in
funding digital media and communications start-ups. But, until his Yahoo job,
Levinsohn was probably best known for his stint running digital operations for
News Corp.’s then Fox Interactive Media unit. It was at FIM that he rose to
prominence after he bought Myspace, the social networking site that was once
the hottest property on the Web. At the time, Levinsohn and other execs also
struck a gigantically lucrative advertising search deal with Google that
garnered Myspace huge revenues. After leaving News Corp. — after repeated
clashes with Myspace co-founder and then CEO Chris DeWolfe — he partnered with
Miller in another investment company, Velocity Capital. Ironically, both
Miller and Levinsohn were the top choices of billionaire shareholder activist
Carl Icahn as the execs he wanted to run Yahoo when he was agitating for
change there a few years back in the midst of the failed takeover attempt by
Microsoft. Fast forward several years, with Levinsohn losing his shot as CEO
of Yahoo, after yet another hedge fund manager — Dan Loeb of Third Point, who
waged a Yahoo proxy fight that ended in him getting seats on the board —
strongly backed Mayer for the job instead of Levinsohn. Levinsohn never had a
chance against the tech-star resume of Mayer, of course. But, for his time of
taking over Yahoo after the crisis around the ouster of Thompson over a fake
computer science degree on his bio alone — a rocky period for the company, to
be sure — Levinsohn probably deserves a lot of kudos from Yahoo’s board. More
to come, obviously. But here is the Mayer note about Levinsohn’s departure in
full: Subject: Thank You to Ross Levinsohn Do Not Forward I am writing to let
you know that Ross Levinsohn will be leaving the company at the end of July.
Ross has been an important and powerful contributor at Yahoo since he joined
in 2010. During May and June, Ross stepped into an incredibly tough role as
interim CEO and did a terffic job — he really helped keep the company moving,
closed important deals, and assembled a very talented team. I am very grateful
to Ross for his leadership and work throughout his tenure at Yahoo. His
contributions will be missed. Ross will be in Sunnyvale tomorrow (Tuesday,
July 31). Please take the opportunity to drop by and thank him for all he has
done for the company. I hope you can join me in wishing Ross well and letting
him know how much you’ve appreciated him as a colleague. — Marissa I wanted to
let you know that my time at Yahoo has come to an end. It has been an
incredible journey for me and I could not be prouder of what we accomplished
over the past few years helping define Yahoo as a leader in digital media and
advertising. Yahoo is an amazing brand and company, and I leave knowing we did
all we could to help inform and entertain more than 700 million users each
month. Leading this company has been one of the best experiences of my career,
but it is time for me to look for the next challenge. — Ross ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120730/as-expected-ross-levinsohn-departs-yahoo/feed/
0 Rafat Ali 2.0: Meet Skift, the Travel Industry's Version of PaidContent
http://allthingsd.com/20120730/rafat-ali-2-0-meet-skift-the-travel-industrys-
version-of-paidcontent/ http://allthingsd.com/20120730/rafat-ali-2-0-meet-
skift-the-travel-industrys-version-of-paidcontent/#comments Mon, 30 Jul 2012
12:50:28 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=235285 What do you do after you build
and sell a pioneering digital media start-up? Take two years off, and start
building another media start-up. That’s the short version of Rafat Ali’s
story. The slightly longer version: The guy who started paidContent in 2002,
sold it to the Guardian in 2008 and took off in 2010, is back with Skift.
PaidContent covered the business of digital media; Skift covers the travel
business, with an emphasis on that industry’s digital transformation. Ali has
raised a $500,000 round from mediacentric angels like former Wall Street
Journal publisher Gordon Crovitz, former Thomson Reuters CEO Tom Glocer and
former Myspace co-CEO Jason Hirschhorn. The pitch is pretty straightforward:
No one does a very good job of covering the travel business, and there’s a
wide range of people who want to read smart takes, from industry executives to
start-up investors to savvy consumers who want to figure out what’s happening
behind the scenes. And Ali has ambitions to build a stockpile of travel data
that he figures will be at least as important as the stories he publishes and
aggregates. I’ve admired Ali for a long time — and competed with him for a
portion of it — so I’m not a neutral observer here: I hope Skift* kills it.
I’m also interested in the notion of Skift as a second act, and in watching
Ali try to apply hard-won lessons from his first go-round. Here’s a longish
interview we conducted last week in the offices of his old company, now owned
by GigaOM. *The name is Swedish for “shift,” and Ali picked up the domain
during his paidContent days, but never figured out what to do with it. By the
time he got around to putting his new business together, every derivation of
“travel” had long been snapped up. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120730/rafat-
ali-2-0-meet-skift-the-travel-industrys-version-of-paidcontent/feed/ 0
Exclusive: Could Jon Miller's Digital Future at News Corp. Include a New
Investment Fund? http://allthingsd.com/20120718/exclusive-could-jon-millers-
digital-future-at-news-corp-include-a-new-investment-fund/
http://allthingsd.com/20120718/exclusive-could-jon-millers-digital-future-at-
news-corp-include-a-new-investment-fund/#comments Wed, 18 Jul 2012 22:10:15
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=231306 One of the issues that seems to have
gotten lost in the complex transaction that will ultimately break apart News
Corp. into two separate entities — an entertainment company and a publishing
one — is the fate of its overall digital strategy in the new paradigm. That
arena for the media behemoth is now being headed by Jon Miller, the longtime
Internet exec and investor, who was hired by the media giant in 2009 as chief
digital officer to lead its tech and online initiatives. His job has
encompassed everything from his failed effort to revive its once mighty
Myspace property to selling it and other properties off to working on its Hulu
partnership. Miller has also been active in China, looking for digital
investment opportunities for News Corp. there. But now that the company is
being cleaved in two, it’s hard to imagine where Miller would land in either
new entity. And, according to numerous sources, he probably will not and is
instead in discussions with CEO Rupert Murdoch and others at the company about
forming a separate investment fund to focus on digital publishing and media.
It will not be owned by either new News Corp. unit, said sources. While the
possibility is in its early stages and might not happen, the fund could be
seeded with money from News Corp. or, more interestingly, from the Murdoch
family itself. Such a shift for Miller would not be a stretch, since he has
run an investment fund with Yahoo exec Ross Levinsohn called Fuse Capital. He
has worked previously running AOL and also did a stint at IAC. While Miller
has made a number of different investments across the tech landscape, digital
publishing has been a particular focus. Miller and News Corp. declined
comment. (Full disclosure: This Web site is owned by Dow Jones, which is owned
— in turn — by News Corp.) ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120718/exclusive-could-
jon-millers-digital-future-at-news-corp-include-a-new-investment-fund/feed/ 0
The New New Web: Ask Not Who Needs It, Ask Who Wants It
http://allthingsd.com/20120626/the-new-new-web-ask-not-who-needs-it-ask-who-
wants-it/ http://allthingsd.com/20120626/the-new-new-web-ask-not-who-needs-it-
ask-who-wants-it/#comments Tue, 26 Jun 2012 19:50:46 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=223968 How can we make sense of it all? A few weeks
ago, I had dinner with Saumil and Sailesh, co-founders of LocBox.* Instagram
had just been acquired by Facebook and there was speculation (later confirmed)
about a big up round financing of Path. The recent large financing of
Pinterest was still in the air, and the ongoing parlor game of when Facebook
would go public and at what price was still being played. A couple of months
prior, Zynga had acquired OMGPOP. Sailesh wondered aloud, “How much time do we
have for any of these?” “How many of them can coexist?” and “Do we really need
them?” My answers were, respectively: “A lot.” “Many of them.” and “No, but we
want them.” That dinner discussion prompted some observations that I am
outlining here, and I invite you to share your own observations in the
comments below. In a nutshell, the Internet has evolved from being a need-
driven utility medium with only a handful of winners to a discovery-driven
entertainment medium with room for multiple winners. The necessary and
sufficient conditions for this evolution are now in place — broadband, real
names and tablets are the three horsemen of this New New Web. As consumers,
entrepreneurs and investors, we should get used to the fact that the online
economy is increasingly blurring with the offline economy, and in the limit,
that distinction will disappear. As a result, just as in the real world, the
Web of entertainment will be much bigger than the Web of utility. A Theory of
Human Motivation One framework for understanding the consumer Internet is
Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, which Abraham Maslow put forward as a way of
explaining human behavior at large. The core premise is that once our basic
needs of food, shelter, safety and belonging are satisfied, we tend to focus
on things that are related to creativity, entertainment, education and self-
improvement. A key aspect of this framework is that it’s sequential: Unless
the basic needs are met, one cannot focus on other things. As an example, a
study in 2011 showed that humans who are hungry will spend more on food and
less on non-food items compared to those who are not hungry. Using this
framework, we can see how consumer adoption of the Web has evolved over the
last 20 years, and why all of the ingredients are only now in place for
consumers to use the Web for what Maslow called “self-actualization” — a
pursuit of one’s full potential, driven by desire, not by necessity.
1992-2012: Web of Need Between the AOL IPO in 1992 and the Facebook IPO last
month, the Internet has largely been in the business of satisfying basic
consumer needs. In 1995, the year Netscape went public and made the internet
accessible to the masses, I was a young product manager for a consumer
Internet company called Global Village Communication. We were a newly minted
public company and our hottest product was a “high speed” fax/modem with a
speed of 33.6 kbps. Back then, using the Internet as a consumer or making a
living off it as a business was rather difficult, and sometimes simply
frustrating. In the subsequent years the basic needs of access, browser,
email, search and identity were solved by companies such as AOL, Comcast,
Netscape, Yahoo, Google, LinkedIn and Facebook. 2012-?: Web of Want Today, the
billion users on Facebook have reached the apex of Maslow’s hierarchy on the
web. All of our basic needs have been satisfied. Now we are in pursuit of
self-actualization. It is no surprise that on the Web, we are now open to
playing games (Zynga, Angry Birds), watching video (YouTube, Hulu), listening
to music (Pandora, Spotify), expressing our creativity (Instagram, Twitter,
Draw Something), window shopping (Pinterest, Gojee*) and pursuing education
(Khan Academy, Empowered*). The Web Is Becoming Like TV How do we make sense
out of a Web where multiple providers coexist, serving groups of people who
share a similar desire? Turns out we already have a very good model for
understanding how this can work: Television. Specifically, cable television.
The Web is becoming like TV, with hundreds of networks or “channels” that are
programmed to serve content to an audience with similar desires and
demographics. Pinterest, ShoeDazzle, Joyous and Alt12* programmed for young,
affluent women; Machinima, Kixeye and Kabam programmed for mostly male gamers;
Gojee* for food enthusiasts; Triposo* for travellers; GAINFitness* for fitness
fans and so on. In this new new Web, an important ingredient to success is a
clear understanding of the identity of your users to ensure that you are
programming to that user’s interests. The good news is that unlike TV, the Web
has a feedback loop. Everything can be measured and as a result the path from
concept to success can be more capital efficient by measuring what type of
programming is working every step of the way — it’s unlikely that the new new
Web will ever produce a Waterworld. Why Now? Broadband, Real Names & Tablets
As my partner Doug Pepper recently wrote, a key question when evaluating a new
opportunity is to ask “Why Now?” Certainly, companies like AOL, Yahoo and
Myspace have tried before to program the Web to cater to interests of specific
audiences. What’s different now? Three things: Broadband, real names and
tablets. The impact of broadband is obvious; we don’t need or want anything on
a slow Web. With broadband penetration at 26 percent in industrialized
countries and 3G penetration at about 15 percent of the world’s population, we
are just reaching critical mass of nearly 1B users on the fast Web. Real names
are more interesting. In 1993, the New Yorker ran the now famous cartoon; “On
the Internet, nobody knows you’re a dog.” This succinctly captured the state
of the anonymous Web at the time. Reid Hoffman and Mark Zuckerberg changed
that forever. Do we find Q&A; on Quora to be more credible than Yahoo!
Answers, celebrity profiles on Twitter more engaging than Myspace and pins on
Pinterest more relevant than recommendations on early AOL chatrooms? I
certainly do, and that is largely because Quora, Twitter and Pinterest take
advantage of real names. Real names are blurring the distinction between
online and offline behavior. Finally, the tablet, the last necessary and
sufficient piece that fuels the “Web of want.” The PC is perfect for the “Web
of need” — when we need something, we can search for it, since we know what we
are looking for. Searching is a “lean-forward” experience, typing into our PC,
either at work or at the home office. The Web over the last decade has been
optimized for this lean-forward search experience — everything from SEO to Web
site design to keyword shortcuts in popular browsers makes that efficient.
However, smartphones and tablets allow us to move to a “lean-back” experience,
flipping through screens using our fingers, often in our living rooms and
bedrooms, on the train or at the coffee shop. Tablets make discovery easy and
fun, just like flipping channels on TV at leisure. These discoveries prompt us
to want things we didn’t think we needed. Early Signs This thesis is easy to
postulate, but is there any evidence that users are looking to the Web as
anything more than a productivity platform? As has been reported, mobile
devices now make up 20 percent of all U.S. Web traffic, and this usage peaks
in the evening hours, presumably when people are away from their office.
Analysis from Flurry* shows that cumulative time spent on mobile apps is
closing in on TV. We certainly don’t seem to be using the Web only when we
need something. Economy of Need Versus Want The economy of Want is different
from the economy of Need. We humans tend to spend a lot more time and money on
things we want compared to things we need. For example, Americans spend more
than five hours a day on leisure and sports (including TV), compared to about
three hours spent on eating, drinking and managing household activities.
Another difference is that when it comes to satisfying our needs, we tend to
settle on one provider and give that one all of our business. Think about how
many companies provide us with electricity, water, milk, broadband access,
search, email and identity. The Need economy is a winner-take-all market, with
one or two companies dominating each need. However, when it comes to providing
for our wants, we are open to being served by multiple providers. Think about
how many different providers are behind the TV channels we watch, restaurants
we visit, destinations we travel to and movies we watch. The Want economy can
support multiple winners, each with a sizeable business. Instagram, Path,
Pinterest, ShoeDazzle, BeachMint, Angry Birds, CityVille, Kixeye, Kabam,
Machinima and Maker Studios can all coexist. Investing in the Web of Want The
chart below shows that over a long term (including a global recession) an
index of luxury stocks (companies such as LVMH, Burberry, BMW, Porsche,
Nordstrom) outperforms an index of utility stocks (companies such as Con
Edison and Pacific Gas & Electric that offer services we all need). The same
applies to an index of media stocks (companies such as CBS, Comcast, News
Corp., Time Warner, Viacom) which outperforms both the utilities and the
broader stock market. Of course, higher returns come with higher volatility —
Nordstrom’s beta is 1.6 and CBS’ beta is 2.2, compared to 0.29 for PG&E.; It
is this volatility that has cast investing in the Want business as a career-
ending move in Silicon Valley for the past 20-plus years. As the Web evolves
from serving our needs to satisfying our wants and, in turn, becomes a much
larger economy, sitting on the sidelines of the Web of Want may not be an
option. Let’s Not Kill Hollywood With a billion users looking for self-
actualization and with the widespread adoption of broadband, real names and
tablets, the Web is poised to become the medium for creativity, education,
entertainment, fashion and the pursuit of happiness. As the offline world
shows, large, profitable companies can be built that cater to these desires.
Entrepreneurs and investors looking to succeed in the new new Web can learn
quite a few lessons from our friends in the luxury and entertainment
businesses, which have been managing profitable “want” businesses for decades.
The fusion of computer science, design, data, low friction and the massive
scale of the Internet can result in something that is better than what either
Silicon Valley or Hollywood can do alone. It is no wonder that the team that
came to this conclusion before anyone else is now managing the most valuable
company in the world. Epilogue When we go see a movie or splurge on a resort
vacation, we don’t stop using electricity, brushing our teeth or checking our
email. The Web of Want is not a replacement for the Web of Need, it is an
addition. Many of the Internet companies that satisfied our needs in the last
20 or more years of the Web are here to stay. In fact, they will become more
entrenched and stable, with low beta, just like the utilities in the offline
world. Microsoft has a beta of exactly 1.0 — it is no more volatile than the
overall stock market. And for those longing for the days of “real computer
science” on the Web, do not despair. Just keep an eye on Rocket Science and
Google X Labs — there is plenty of hard-core engineering ahead. Disclosures: *
indicates an InterWest portfolio company. Google Finance was used for all of
the stock charts and beta references. Keval Desai is a Partner at InterWest,
where he focuses on investments in early-stage companies that cater to the
needs and wants of consumers. He started his career in Silicon Valley in 1991
as a software engineer. He has been a mentor and investor in AngelPad since
inception. You can follow him @kevaldesai. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120626/the-new-new-web-ask-not-who-needs-it-ask-who-
wants-it/feed/ 13 It's Official: Michael Barrett Named to New Job as Yahoo Ad
Czar http://allthingsd.com/20120618/its-official-michael-barrett-talks-about-
new-job-as-yahoo-ad-czar/ http://allthingsd.com/20120618/its-official-michael-
barrett-talks-about-new-job-as-yahoo-ad-czar/#comments Mon, 18 Jun 2012
12:45:43 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=221059 Yahoo has confirmed that it
hired Google ad exec Michael Barrett as its new chief of revenue. As I
reported earlier, Barrett will be in charge of advertising revenue and
operations worldwide at the Silicon Valley Internet giant, including units in
the U.S., Europe and Asia reporting in to him. Barrett will report directly to
interim CEO Ross Levinsohn. The move to hire the high-profile exec — who has
been working at Google since it bought an ad tech company he ran a year ago —
gives Yahoo a boost in its most critical area of business. The search giant
acquired supply-side advertising technology start-up AdMeld for $400 million a
year ago. Before that, Barrett had previously worked at a range of digital and
traditional media companies. His hiring is also a clear signal that Yahoo is
about to make major changes to its ad business going forward. According to
numerous sources, Yahoo is again mulling a plan to abandon or sell large parts
of its ad tech business and rely on third-party vendors, including Google.
Sources said Barrett was interested in the big opportunity Yahoo possessed and
felt the ad market was still interested in helping it maintain its online ad
business. Here’s the official Yahoo press release on the Barrett appointment:
Yahoo! Appoints Michael Barrett as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue
Officer SUNNYVALE, Calif., June 18, 2012 — Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)
announced today that it has appointed Michael Barrett as Executive Vice
President and Chief Revenue Officer. Barrett will be responsible for Yahoo’s
advertising revenue and operations globally for the company, with Americas,
EMEA and APAC regional leads reporting to him. “Michael Barrett is regarded as
one of the most successful and influential executives in media and technology,
and I am thrilled to have him join Yahoo! in this critical role,” said Ross
Levinsohn, Interim Chief Executive Officer. “I am confident that his deep
industry experience and relationships will help us drive our strategic vision,
taking Yahoo!’s industry-leading position to the next level.” Barrett joins
Yahoo! from Google where he led the integration efforts following Google’s
acquisition of Admeld, Inc. in December 2011. Barrett joined Admeld as CEO in
2008, and under his leadership the company became the leading global supply
side platform solution for premium publishers. Prior to Admeld, Barrett worked
at Fox Interactive Media as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue
Officer, where he oversaw worldwide revenue for all properties including
MySpace and FoxSports.com and worked closely with Levinsohn. Before that,
Barrett served as Executive Vice President of Sales and Partnerships at AOL
Media Networks and held senior sales positions at interactive leaders Yahoo!,
GeoCities and Disney Online. “Yahoo! is one of the largest and most iconic
Internet companies in the world,” said Barrett. “I am grateful for this
opportunity to work with Ross and a group of immensely talented and energized
people, all focused on driving Yahoo’s leadership and strategic position on a
global basis. I am looking forward to contributing everything I can to that
effort.” In his new role at Yahoo!, which he will assume in early July,
Barrett will be part of the senior executive team, reporting directly to
Levinsohn. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120618/its-official-michael-barrett-
talks-about-new-job-as-yahoo-ad-czar/feed/ 0 Facebook Casino Game Launches,
Backed by Myspace's Tom Anderson and Reality-TV Star Brody Jenner
http://allthingsd.com/20120522/facebook-casino-game-launches-backed-by-
myspaces-tom-and-tv-star-brody-jenner/
http://allthingsd.com/20120522/facebook-casino-game-launches-backed-by-
myspaces-tom-and-tv-star-brody-jenner/#comments Tue, 22 May 2012 19:05:58
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=211071 RocketFrog is the latest company to bet
on casino-style games on Facebook as online gambling becomes more of a
reality. The Los Angeles-based company has not raised institutional funding
yet, but is backed by its founders along with Brody Jenner, stepbrother to Kim
Kardashian and son of Olympic decathlete Bruce Jenner (see right). Jenner has
already been busy hyping RocketFrog on his official Facebook fan page, which
has more than 58,000 likes, by asking fans to join him in poker tournaments
for the chance to win $5 Amazon gift cards. Additionally, the company said
that Myspace founder Tom Anderson will join RocketFrog’s advisory board.
Besides its star-studded alliances, the company’s free-to-play Facebook game
stands apart from other casino-based games because it allows players to win a
variety of prizes, ranging from movie tickets to music, food and more. Games
include blackjack, slots, roulette, deuces wild and video poker, and prizes
during the game’s first month include brands such as Creative Recreation,
Steve Angello of Swedish House Mafia, Young and Reckless, World of Dance,
Abbey Dawn by Avril Lavigne and Paul Oakenfold. Many companies are scrambling
to gain large casino audiences on Facebook now that it appears that online
gambling will become legal in the U.S. Late last year, the Department of
Justice issued a new interpretation of the Wire Act of 1961. Under the new
ruling, it interprets the act as only outlawing betting on sporting events —
not all events and contests. With that clarification in place, it will now be
up to each state to pass legislation outlining operating procedures. A few
companies, such as IGT, Zynga and Caesars Interactive, have already started to
get ready and a few states have already passed laws. RocketFrog’s founder
Brett Calapp was previously the CEO and co-founder of Centaurus Games, a
subscription-based gaming network that sold to PartyGaming in 2010. He was
also the president of the Ultimate Blackjack Tour, an international gambling
tour, online game network and hit television show on CBS. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120522/facebook-casino-game-launches-backed-by-
myspaces-tom-and-tv-star-brody-jenner/feed/ 0 Ross Levinsohn's Yahoo Plan:
Back to the Future http://allthingsd.com/20120513/ross-levinsohns-yahoo-plan-
back-to-the-future/ http://allthingsd.com/20120513/ross-levinsohns-yahoo-plan-
back-to-the-future/#comments Sun, 13 May 2012 23:08:16 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=207377 Ross Levinsohn wants to be known as more than
a deal guy. Now he gets his chance. Assuming Yahoo gives its interim CEO real
power — either by making him its actual CEO, or at least letting him behave as
if he has the job — then he’ll finally have full control of a giant media
company. That’s something he’s been working toward for a long time, despite
his rep as a guy who enjoys buying companies more than running them. Just like
his predecessors, Levinsohn will have to untie Yahoo’s knotty Asian problem.
He’ll also have to spend time repairing relationships with Facebook and
figuring out what to do with a Microsoft search deal that hasn’t been a huge
success. But if Levinsohn gets to run Yahoo the way he wants to run Yahoo,
he’ll focus on getting the most out of its media business, because that’s his
strength. Bear in mind that this is still a huge business — the portal
attracts some 700 million visitors a month, which helped it generate nearly $1
billion in ad sales last quarter. But that business is listing and under
attack from Google, Facebook, and a swarm of nimble start-ups pulling eyeballs
and dollars away. If you want to get a sense of what Levinsohn may try to do
next, it’s good to review what he did last year, when he had control of the
company’s U.S. operations — and what he tried to do but couldn’t get done.
Ads: Yahoo used to have one of the Web’s best sales operations, but those days
are long gone. Levisonsohn spent much of 2011 trying to fix that. Part of that
involved restaffing his team, and part of it was a strategy that was supposed
to cut out some of the ad tech middlemen and allow the company to increase its
yield on the ads it sold. Those moves, which included a would-be alliance
between Yahoo, AOL and Microsoft, all went into a holding pattern when Scott
Thompson took over in January. Levinsohn will try restarting that again now.
M&A;: Levinsohn has a reputation as a dealmaker because he’s made some pretty
big deals. Most notably, he brought Myspace to News Corp. in 2005, then helped
the company secure a $900 million ad deal with Google (News Corp. also owns
this Web site). Last year, he tried to land another big fish, when he pushed
to pursue Hulu. But Levinsohn couldn’t get buy-in from then-CEO Carol Bartz,
and Hulu’s owners decided not to sell after all. I think Levinsohn would still
be interested in the site under certain conditions, but he’d need more cash
than he has on hand to do it. Selling off his Asian assets might make that
possible. If he can’t land Hulu, I don’t see him chasing after Instagram-like
companies with big price tags and no near-term revenue plans. I do see him
making some plays on cheaper start-ups, as well as some technology plays, to
shore up/replace the company’s very old infrastructure/platforms. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120513/ross-levinsohns-yahoo-plan-back-to-the-
future/feed/ 0 Meet the Man I Call "The Hair": The Video Stylings of Yahoo's
Newest CEO Ross Levinsohn http://allthingsd.com/20120513/meet-the-man-i-call-
the-hair-the-video-stylings-of-yahoos-newest-ceo-ross-levinsohn/
http://allthingsd.com/20120513/meet-the-man-i-call-the-hair-the-video-
stylings-of-yahoos-newest-ceo-ross-levinsohn/#comments Sun, 13 May 2012
19:03:01 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=207366 Over the many years I have
covered Yahoo’s expected new interim CEO Ross Levinsohn, I have done several
video interviews with him. And, for my own amusement, I also have nicknamed
him “The Hair,” due to his very impressive mane. We’ll see how impressive the
longtime digital media exec will be now that Levinsohn has become the latest
head of the Silicon Valley Internet giant. His job is only interim for now,
but in selecting him, the Yahoo board is opting for a more media-centric
approach. Among his claims to fame: He was president of News Corp.’s Fox
Interactive Media, where he bought the then-soaring Myspace social networking
site. Levinsohn managed to get Google to fork over more than double its price
in advertising guarantees and luckily left the company before it went off the
rails. He was also an exec at AltaVista, an early search pioneer, and was head
of content and development at CBS Sportsline. Levinsohn also dabbled in
investing at Fuse Capital, with current News Corp. digital head Jon Miller
focused on digital media and communications companies. When he was at Fuse,
ironically, Levinsohn and Miller were also raised as possible board members by
Carl Icahn, who has conducting a different proxy fight against Yahoo. In the
latest fighting, at least, Levinsohn appears the victor. To assess him, here
are two videos I did with him — one in 2007 when he was at Fuse and one from
last year at our D: All Things Digital conference (I ask about his hair-care
product at the very end). I also added a recent mockumentary video that
Levinsohn for Yahoo’s recent Newfront media presentations in New York, which
is pretty funny (and, in Carol Bartz channeling, Levinson curses at the end!):
RELATED POSTS: Yahoo’s Parting With Thompson Will Be for “Cause” (a.k.a.
CSLie) Ross Levinsohn’s Yahoo Plan: Back to the Future Here’s New Yahoo CEO’s
First Note to Troops! (The Leaking-Internal-Memos-to-ATD Policy Remains in
Effect As Usual) Yahoo Officially Confirms ATD Report on CEO Changes and Proxy
Settlement Meet the Man I Call “The Hair”: The Video Stylings of Yahoo’s
Newest CEO Ross Levinsohn Will Thompson’s Ouster Mean a Yahoo-Facebook Patent
Settlement Too? Exclusive: Yahoo’s Thompson Out; Levinsohn In; Board
Settlement With Loeb Nears Completion Heidrick & Struggles Slaps Back at
Thompson’s Yahoo in Blame Game Over ResuMess Is He In or Is He Out? Crunchtime
for Scott Thompson at Yahoo. Not So Scott Free? Yahoo’s Other Big Shareholder
— Cap Re — Leaning Toward Supporting Loeb Over Thompson ResuMess. Tech
Nation’s Gunn Says She and Yahoo CEO Discussed Their CS Degrees Before 2009
Show (Video and Audio) Loeb Calls Again for Thompson Firing From Yahoo, as
Former eBay Boss Supports Him Place Your Bets: Will Loeb Drop Another Bomb on
Yahoo at Vegas Confab Later Today? Exclusive: Yahoo Director in Charge of
Botched CEO Vetting to Step Down From Board CEO Says Sorry to Yahoos for
Borked Bio “Distraction” — But Will Mea Culpa Work Without an Apology for
Error? (Memo) Buffett Comments on Trust Issue in Yahoo CEO BioGate: “You’ve
Got a Problem” Loeb Lobs Lawsuit, as Expected, at Yahoo’s Borked Bio Mess As
Yahoo CEO Reaches Out to Top Staff, Board Meets to Weigh “Options” (I.E.,
Deciding Who Gets to Take the Borked Bio Blame) Yahoo Should Expect Incoming
Lawsuit Lobbed by Loeb Tomorrow on CEO Hiring They Shoot Yahoo CEOs, Don’t
They? But Not Without a Really Smoking Gun and a Much Stronger Board. Yahoo’s
Thompson Asks Employees to “Stay Focused” — Except Not on Him In 2009
Interview, Yahoo CEO Does Not Deny He Has a CS Degree, and Calls Himself an
“Engineer” (Audio) Yahoo’s Board Will “Review” Resume Discrepancy of CEO How
Did a Phantom CS Degree Get on CEO’s Bio in SEC Filings? Yahoo’s Not Saying.
Yahoo’s Response on CEO’s Computer Science ResumeGate: “Inadvertent Error” Dan
Loeb Alleges “Discrepancies” on Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson’s Resume Related to
Computer Science Degree ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120513/meet-the-man-i-
call-the-hair-the-video-stylings-of-yahoos-newest-ceo-ross-levinsohn/feed/ 0
Myspace in Privacy-Policy Settlement With FTC
http://allthingsd.com/20120508/myspace-in-privacy-policy-settlement-with-ftc/
http://allthingsd.com/20120508/myspace-in-privacy-policy-settlement-with-
ftc/#comments Tue, 08 May 2012 19:45:33 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=205459
Social-networking service Myspace settled allegations by the Federal Trade
Commission that it misled millions of users about its sharing of personal
information with advertisers, the FTC said. The settlement, which comes amid
social-networking heavyweight Facebook Inc.’s plans to go public, requires
Myspace to implement a comprehensive privacy program, calls for regular and
independent privacy assessments for the next 20 years, and bars the company
from future privacy misrepresentations. Read the rest of this post on the
original site » ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120508/myspace-in-privacy-policy-
settlement-with-ftc/feed/ 0 There’s a Robot in Your Pocket
http://allthingsd.com/20120502/theres-a-robot-in-your-pocket/
http://allthingsd.com/20120502/theres-a-robot-in-your-pocket/#comments Wed, 02
May 2012 21:38:23 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=202678 When I was a kid, I
dreamed of someday having my own robot. From HAL to R2D2 to KITT, robots were
the ultimate technology in my eyes. They could do your chores, order you a
pizza, finish your homework, and even warn you when danger was approaching.
Today, I’m very excited to see my dream come true because, in fact, there is a
robot in each of our pockets. Let’s begin by drawing the distinction between a
tool and a robot. Tools enable us to work more efficiently. Robots do the work
for us (in fact, the original word robata means “hard work” in Czech). The
vast majority of the Web sites and apps we use today are tools that enable us
to work, play and share more efficiently. Over the last few years, through
advances in artificial intelligence and data science, Web sites and apps are
evolving. There is a new breed of applications focused entirely on working on
our behalf. As humans, we constantly seek means to reduce the amount of work
needed to reap rewards from a system. While the tools of today allow us to
work less, the robots of the future will eliminate much of the work in the
first place. This incredible transformation is happening right before our
eyes. Your Search Robot A long time ago, we would search for information by
painstakingly looking up sources in a card catalog and reading a book. As much
of that knowledge moved online, the directory (like Yahoo!) enabled us to
browse and find content of interest. In time, the amount of information
flowing online overwhelmed the directory — it would simply require too much
work to browse the entire Web. Fortunately, a revolutionary tool, search —
Google, really — made it very easy to find the documents that contain the
answers we’re looking for. But while search presents us with a huge set of
choices, it still takes a lot of work to find the answers. Today, a new
technology is eliminating that work by acting on our behalf to find the
answers and even solve our problems. Siri is an artificial intelligence client
that turns our devices into a virtual assistant. It removes the steps between
searching for answers and finding them. Have a question about converting
metric units? Ask Siri. Need to order your mother flowers? Let Siri handle
that. Need to make dinner reservations for your date Friday? Let Siri do the
work for you. And we’re just scratching the surface. We possess the vastness
of all human knowledge in our pockets, yet much of our usage is limited to
Angry Birds. This transformation to intelligent machines means we no longer
have to work as hard to apply the knowledge locked in our devices; they’ll do
the work for us. Your Location Robot In the 20th century, an enormous yellow
book was delivered to our doorstep every year. We would heft this behemoth and
flip through hundreds of pages to find a local business or restaurant of
interest. Eventually, that process gave way to more efficient tools as local
information moved online through apps like CitySearch and Yelp. Recently, via
the mobile check-in, we can be presented places of interest and people near
our current location. This new layer of geographical context is great, but
checking in is still work. Today, ambient location apps like Foursquare, Radar
and Highlight are beginning to do that work for us. By passively monitoring
our locations, they alert us to interesting people and places around us. Over
time, as they learn our preferences, they’ll be able to filter these places
and help us discover the best restaurants and people wherever we are. At last,
we are within reach of the “Danger, your ex-girlfriend is in the area!” robot.
Your Personal Robot Not that long ago, the primary way we would discover new
media was through browsing a printed newspaper, magazine rack or record store.
As this content moved online, it became much more accessible and real-time. As
the option pool grows, we have to put in more and more work to find the
content that’s interesting to each of us. There are more and better options
than we could ever imagine. But it would take an incredible human effort to
find all the needles in the growing haystack. To address this, many Web sites
have offered customization tools for users to focus their experience. But
manual customization also requires a lot of work, and it usually fails to
paint the rich, dynamic picture of who we are and what we like. Fortunately, a
solution is emerging from companies like Pandora (and, full disclosure, my own
company, Gravity). Using machine learning, these platforms get to know you
based on the things you read about, listen to, or share. They can then move
way beyond customization by generating adaptive, personalized experiences that
bring the best content on any website or app right to the top. It completely
shifts the paradigm from you having to search for information to information
searching for you. It’s like having a personal robot who thinks just like you
do reach across the Web and return the best music, stories, videos, even daily
deals everywhere you go. “Welcome back to ESPN, Amit. The surf report in
Venice tomorrow is 3-4 feet, and the Lakers are leading by 10 points at the
half.” All of this paints just a small picture of what’s to come. Imagine the
applications in fields like education, health care, or personal finance
(wouldn’t you love a robot that does your taxes?). As the Internet starts to
work for us, it will enrich our lives in ways we can’t even imagine. I, for
one, am very excited that my childhood dream of owning my own robot is finally
coming true. Amit Kapur is the CEO and co-founder of Gravity, a company that
makes the Internet adaptive and personalized. He was formerly the COO of
Myspace. As an early Myspace employee, he led the development and growth of
Myspace Music and Myspace Mobile. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120502/theres-a-
robot-in-your-pocket/feed/ 0 L.A. Stories: Scarfing Up Big Media at Gobbler
(Video) http://allthingsd.com/20120411/l-a-stories-scarfing-up-big-media-at-
gobbler-video/ http://allthingsd.com/20120411/l-a-stories-scarfing-up-big-
media-at-gobbler-video/#comments Wed, 11 Apr 2012 19:31:58 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=195374 Another very interesting company I stumbled
across in a funky building in Hollywood on my recent trip to Los Angeles is
Gobbler, which bills itself as a “high-speed file transfer & backup for pro
audio.” In other words, a hopped-up version of Dropbox’s media-in-the-cloud
efforts for cool music folks. Armed with just over $3 million from angel
investors like Sky Dayton, David Goldberg and others, the start-up is aiming
to help media creators who need a lot more firepower, including backing up,
transferring and organizing hefty music, video and photo files. CEO Chris
Kantrowitz knows whereof he speaks, as a designer of big music shows,
including Coachella, the annual festival which takes place this weekend and
next. He co-founded Gobbler with his sister, former Myspace exec Jamie
Kantrowitz. Here he is in a video interview with me talking about the future
focus of the company, as well as where cloud storage is headed — Kantrowitz is
one hep dude, so listen up: ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120411/l-a-stories-
scarfing-up-big-media-at-gobbler-video/feed/ 0 Caterina Fake: Fast Growth for
a New Social App Is a Very Bad Thing http://allthingsd.com/20120224/caterina-
fake-fast-growth-for-a-social-app-is-a-very-bad-thing/
http://allthingsd.com/20120224/caterina-fake-fast-growth-for-a-social-app-is-
a-very-bad-thing/#comments Fri, 24 Feb 2012 19:00:12 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=177742 Social Web entrepreneurs with successful
careers just can’t seem to find their way to a happy and boring retirement.
Flickr co-founder Caterina Fake just announced Pinwheel, joining Ev Williams
and Biz Stone of Twitter and now Obvious, Joshua Schachter of Delicious and
now Jig, Chad Hurley and Steve Chen of YouTube and now Delicious, Sean Parker
and Shawn Fanning of Napster and now Airtime, among others, back at the
drawing board. Sure, the new start-ups from these people have a long way to go
before achieving the impact of their predecessors, and fresh new innovators
like Pinterest and Voxer are popping up all the time. But the good thing is
that the repeat entrepreneurs keep evolving their ideas about how people
interact, share and express themselves online. Photo courtesy of Robert Scoble
If you get her started, as I did yesterday, in a conversation at Pinwheel’s
office in the Hayes Valley neighborhood of San Francisco, Caterina Fake sounds
almost like a professor of social networking philosophy. One particularly
interesting theory of Fake’s is about how an online community should grow in
its early days. She thinks the answer is very clear: Slowly. That’s why
Pinwheel, a tiny service that helps users create and find geotagged notes,
already raised $9.5 million in funding from investors including Redpoint
Ventures, True Ventures, Betaworks and others. The funding is a way for Fake
to beat back elevated expectations of how fast Pinwheel should grow, given her
prior success, she said. “My perspective is it takes a while to grow this
stuff,” she said. “It takes time for the culture to grow. You need time to
develop antibodies to spammers and trolls.” The worst thing a social network
can do is force growth, she said, pointing to Google’s work on Google+. She
pulled up a growth chart depicting the time it took for various services to
reach 50 million users. Google+ took a stunning 88 days, versus 1,046 days for
MySpace, for instance (shown here, chart credit goes to Leon Håland). Adding
user registrations at such a fast pace doesn’t leave enough time for a
dedicated, engaged user community to organically create itself and establish
norms, Fake argued. “Being an incumbent, you can get seduced on this,” she
said, pointing at the steep line for Google+. “It’s like getting high on your
own supply.” Fake added emphatically that the worst thing a start-up social
network can do is to buy advertising to attract users. Growth should happen
because users find value in a site, and then get their friends to join, she
said. And if users don’t come? Start-ups should try harder to make a better
product. That’s why Pinwheel plans to only slowly let in the tens of thousands
of people on its email list, Fake said. And it’s why Pinwheel will ask users
to write original notes, rather than filling the many empty places on its map
with existing location-based content from around the Web. “We’re not going to
suddenly metastasize by adding Wikipedia content,” Fake said. Of course, 10
million dollars only gives Fake a window of time; there’s no guarantee that
location-based storytelling will be a hit, or that Pinwheel will be the one to
do it right. If Pinwheel does end up working out, what it does may well change
significantly, Fake admitted. Her advice to herself, and others: “You
shouldn’t get attached to a feature set. You should get attached to a problem
you’re solving.” ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120224/caterina-fake-fast-growth-
for-a-social-app-is-a-very-bad-thing/feed/ 0