WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Hear How Witnessing a Cross-Burning as a Child Motivated
Apple CEO Tim Cook to Fight for Equality (Video) December 14, 2013 at 10:35 am
PT Tweet Share Print Apple CEO Tim Cook isn’t known for talking much about
himself, but in a speech this week, he talked about some of the early
childhood experiences that shape his passions around fighting for human rights
and equality. “Growing up in Alabama in the 1960s, I saw the devastating
impacts of discrimination,” Cook said, accepting a lifetime achievement award
from Auburn University, his alma mater. “Remarkable people were denied
opportunities and treated without basic human dignity, solely because of the
color of their skin.” He talked about seeing a cross-burning at the home of a
nearby family. “This image was permanently imprinted in my brain, and it would
change my life forever,” Cook said. “For me, the cross-burning was a symbol of
ignorance, of hatred, and a fear of anyone different than the majority. I
could never understand it ,and I knew then that America’s and Alabama’s
history would always be scarred by the hatred that it represented.” Cook notes
that in his office are three photos — two of Robert Kennedy, and one of Martin
Luther King Jr. “They sacrificed everything, including their lives, as
champions of human rights and of human dignity,” Cook said. “Their images
inspire me. They serve as a reminder to me every day that regardless of the
path that one chooses, there are fundamental commitments that should be a part
of one’s journey.” Cook said he is glad that his path has taken him to Apple,
a company that shares his values. He talks about his and Apple’s support for
the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), which would prohibit companies
from discriminating against gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender workers. “I
have long believed in this, and Apple has implemented protections for
employees, even when the laws did not,” he said. “Now is the time to write
these principles of basic human dignity into the book of law.” The Senate has
passed the bill, but the Republican-led House has not indicated any plans to
take up the legislation. He also noted the work Apple does to make its
products accessible to those with disabilities, sharing the story of a single
mom with an autistic child who was completely nonverbal and spoke his first
words thanks to an iPad. The full speech is about 13 minutes, and well worth a
watch: Tagged with: Apple, Auburn University, bisexual, gay, GLBT, human
rights, lesbian, LGBT, non-discrimination, Tim Cook, transgender Another
Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31,
2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost
30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is
Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing
Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at
5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close
December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version