WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Qualcomm Makes It Official, Grabs Atheros for
$3.1 Billion January 5, 2011 at 8:42 am PT Tweet Share Print Qualcomm, the
chipmaker devoted to the wireless handset business, announced today the first
major tech acquisition of the year, and the biggest deal in its history,
saying it will pay $3.1 billion in cash for Atheros, a chipmaker whose
business is in wireless networking. As I noted yesterday, there are lots of
reasons for Qualcomm to want Atheros, not the least of which is its extensive
customer list. Qualcomm’s specialty has always been in CDMA technology, the
flavor of mobile phone technology favored by Verizon Wireless and Sprint, and
it collects considerable royalties around its patent portfolio there. It has
struggled to penetrate other markets, and last year shuttered its FloTV
operation amid minimal demand. The good news was that it sold its FloTV
spectrum to AT&T; for $1.93 billion, which is no doubt offsetting the cost of
this deal. Add that to the $10.3 billion in cash and short-term investments on
its balance sheet as of Sept. 26 and this is an easy deal to do. It’s also the
biggest deal in Qualcomm’s history and the first significant one under CEO
Paul Jacobs, who is the son of founder Irwin Jacobs. Atheros shareholders have
plenty of reasons to smile today as well. The company’s stock price surged by
19 percent yesterday. At $45 a share, Qualcomm is paying more than Atheros has
ever been worth in its entire history as a publicly held company. As Shira
Ovide over at Deal Journal notes, its highest price before yesterday was
$43.90. Happy New Year, indeed. I caught up with Qualcomm Executive Vice
President Steve Mollenkopf and Atheros CEO Craig Barratt to talk about the
deal. NewEnterprise: Steve, let’s start with you. What got Qualcomm interested
in Atheros? Mollenkopf: Historically Qualcomm has been focused on the cellular
phone, though recently we’ve done much more than that. We had some integration
relationships with some companies that allow us to deliver a platform to our
customers. They’re essentially technical relationships, and one of those
companies was Atheros. So we were familiar with them. But the real reason, the
why Atheros and why now question comes down to this. We think the industry is
moving to a place where a lot of the technology and use cases that are being
created as part of the shift to smartphones will be used outside of just
phones, and will move into many adjacent spaces. The requirement of technology
and different customers overlap a lot with Atheros. They’re a leader in their
space, we’re a leader in ours and we want to go into markets that will require
the expertise from both of us. It seemed natural, actually. Craig, the idea
for the acquisition seems to have grown out of an existing partnership. When
did the talk turn from being Qualcomm’s partner to becoming part of Qualcomm?
Barratt: The partnership has gone on for about five years, where we’ve
cooperated on joint reference and designs and software and feature
integration. Over the years we’ve broadened out from Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS,
powerline and optical networking. We do have a much more horizontal business.
Qualcomm has a very strong vertical business. Through our partnership we saw
the teams had a good cultural fit, the engineering teams really respect each
other. When we looked at our own strategic imperatives over the long term, we
saw that cellular technologies are going to be applied in a much broader
markets over time, beyond just smartphones and tablets. There’s an
intersection between the Qualcomm technology and our technology, and that’s
only going to increase. You’ve probably heard that set-top boxes and things
like that are going to start to run Android. So a lot of these mobile
technologies are going to start showing up in things like the connected home.
Strategically it all started to make sense. And what will your new job be at
Qualcomm? Barratt: After the acquisition closes, which should be in the first
half of 2011, my role will be president of Qualcomm Networking and
Connectivity, reporting to Steve. Steve, if I’m not mistaken, this is the
biggest deal that Qualcomm has ever done. Mollenkopf: You’re correct. For us
on the Qualcomm side this is a big step toward expanding our business beyond
our traditional platform business and we’re doing it in a way that is in line
with how the industry is changing. A lot of the things we’ve been doing with
Atheros are things we’ve already been doing as part of our relationship, so
this is a natural next step. Tagged with: acquisitions, Arik Hesseldahl,
Atheros, Bluetooth, CDMA, cellular, chipmaker, cost, Craig Barratt, customer,
deal, Deal Journal, engineering, FloTV, GPS, handset, handsets, integration,
investments, Irwin Jacobs, list, networking, NewEnterprise, partnership,
patent, Paul Jacobs, phone, portfolio, powerline, Qualcomm, royalties,
shareholders, Shira Ovide, smartphones, software, sprint, Steve Mollenkopf,
stock, tablets, Verizon Wireless, Wi-Fi, wireless Marc Benioff on
Salesforce.com’s “Monster Quarter” and the Road Ahead May 20, 2011 at 5:00 am
PT Cisco Still Totally Hearts Linksys and WebEx May 19, 2011 at 5:17 pm PT
Investors Still Like the Taste of Salesforce’s Kool-Aid May 19, 2011 at 4:02
pm PT Read Léo Apotheker’s “Tough Quarter” Memo in Full May 19, 2011 at 12:28
pm PT Cisco May Next Rid Itself of Linksys and WebEx May 19, 2011 at 7:30 am
PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version