WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Hardware The Sansa Rhapsody Comes With Music Inside —
Like It or Not October 5, 2006 at 11:59 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » What if you bought a portable music player and found that it was
already loaded with hundreds of songs selected by an online digital music
service? You might be delighted to be getting all this content with no effort,
or you might be annoyed that a huge portion of your new player’s storage
capacity has been taken up with music you may not want. That’s the issue with
the Sansa Rhapsody, the latest portable music player to challenge Apple’s iPod
hegemony. This is the first player to be specifically designed to work with
RealNetworks’ Rhapsody music-subscription service, and it’s no mere iPod
clone. The player, made by SanDisk, is designed to show off the Rhapsody
music-rental model, which is about music discovery rather than individual song
or album purchases. Sansa Rhapsody Like other subscription services, Rhapsody
charges a monthly fee for unlimited access to millions of songs. You don’t
actually own these songs, and any music you’ve rented and downloaded from
Rhapsody becomes unplayable if you stop paying the monthly fee, which is
$14.99 a month if you want to hear the music on both a PC and on a portable
device. But Real believes that for people who love to try new artists or hear
“channels” of music, this is better than buying individual songs and albums
that never expire, which is Apple’s model. It stresses quantity and variety,
and for the new Sansa Rhapsody player, it drives this message home by filling
the devices with music. You can play this music free for up to two months
before you have to buy a subscription. Microsoft’s forthcoming Zune player
will also come loaded with a small sampling of music, but the Sansa Rhapsody
goes much further. On the base, 2-gigabyte model, fully half of the storage
capacity is taken up with preloaded music. On the higher-capacity models,
which feature up to 8 gigabytes of total storage, 2 gigabytes is taken up with
preloaded music. The Rhapsody service itself also has been overhauled, with a
new, cleaner interface. Best Buy stores will be launching a store-branded
version of Rhapsody and sell the new player. I’ve been testing a Sansa
Rhapsody player for the past week or so. I’ve compared the player with Apple’s
midrange iPod Nano, the closest iPod model in size and capacity. The base-
model, 2-gigabyte Rhapsody player I tested is a bit cheaper: $140 versus $150
for the 2-gigabyte Nano. The Sansa Rhapsody isn’t really new hardware. It’s a
variation of existing SanDisk players, and is formally called the e200R
series. But this isn’t just a marketing gimmick. Unlike previous players that
worked with Rhapsody, which relied on Microsoft software, this uses Real’s own
music formats and copy-protection software and is more tightly tied to the
service. The player can be switched into Microsoft mode for use with Microsoft
files. Personally, I found the preloaded music more of a hassle than a boon.
It included both canned playlists and channels — preprogrammed radio stations.
They featured numerous artists and genres I didn’t like, or actually hated,
and I was forced to delete most of them and replace them with music I wanted
to hear. Before I could do this, however, I was amazed to find that Rhapsody
wanted to keep adding its own choices to my player. The minute I plugged it
into my PC, the service began downloading 73 songs of its own choosing to the
Sansa, to “refresh” the choices that came on the device. Real says it plans to
change this behavior to ask users first whether they want such a refresh. The
player itself is small, black and good looking. It has two big advantages over
the iPod Nano. First, it has a larger screen, allowing for a better display of
album art and text. Second, it has a replaceable battery. But in most other
respects, the Sansa Rhapsody is inferior to the iPod Nano. It is bulkier —
more than twice as thick and almost twice as heavy as the Nano. It doesn’t
have a feature for playing audiobooks or podcasts, and its battery life is
lower than the Nano’s. I also found transferring music to the player from
Rhapsody to be slower than on the iPod, despite Real’s claims to the contrary.
And when I added my own tracks to the Sansa, it failed in many cases to
display the album art. Also, after the initial 60 days, you must plug the
player into your computer and synchronize with the Rhapsody service at least
once a month to verify that your subscription is paid up. Otherwise, all the
songs on the device become unplayable. (Rhapsody also sells nonexpiring tracks
a la carte, like Apple, but that’s not its main business.) The player does a
good job of displaying photos and videos, but getting them onto the device was
more of a hassle than on the iPod. You need separate software, and that
software was confusing to use. For people who don’t want to choose their own
music, or who value discovering new artists over hearing familiar ones, the
Sansa Rhapsody may be just the ticket. For those who place a higher value on
personal choice, the iPod is better. Email me at mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with
Apple, Best Buy, iPod, music, Nano, PC, RealNetworks, Rhapsody, SanDisk, Zune
Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT
Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses,
One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi
December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03,
2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive
of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal
dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version