WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Facebook Says It’s Pretty Good at TV, Too October 8, 2013
at 7:37 am PT Tweet Share Print Perhaps you’ve heard: Twitter is really into
TV. Dick Costolo and company have spent the last couple of years honing their
pitch, which they are shouting as often as possible in the run-up to their
IPO: Twitter can deliver eyeballs to TV, and TV can deliver dollars to
Twitter. Up until this summer, Facebook didn’t try muscling into Twitter’s
would-be virtuous cycle. But, for whatever reason,* Facebook has changed
gears, and is now making its own TV pitch, with increasing frequency. You can
see the latest version below, via a 25-minute presentation that Dan Rose,
Facebook’s vice president of partnerships, made yesterday at Mipcom, the
European TV conference. Rose’s speech is basically an entry-level social TV
explainer, so if you’ve been following this stuff you won’t find anything new
here. A Facebook-specific TLDR: Social TV isn’t new, and Facebook has been
doing it for a long time. Remember when they got Betty White on SNL? Facebook
is really big. Not only is Facebook much bigger than Twitter, but you know
everyone’s name on Facebook, which makes what happens on Facebook more useful
to its users (and presumably to programmers/advertisers): “These conversations
aren’t taking place between a bunch of anonymous strangers … these are real
conversations between real people, based on real identity. More than any other
platform, Facebook mirrors the way people have always engaged in conversations
about TV — with the people who really matter to them.”** Celebrities and
brands are totally using Facebook! Miley Cyrus used Instagram to hype her
totally-scandalous-but-now-we-seem-to-be-ok-with-it VMA performance. And
here’s a picture of a panda on a rocking horse from Ricky Gervais, and Rose
says it has stirred his interest in watching the comedian’s “Derek” on
Netflix. This seems unlikely. But, okay. * Maybe Facebook left social TV alone
because it didn’t think there was real money there. Or maybe it left it alone
because it had other priorities. Or maybe it’s making noise now because it
would like to capitalize on and/or interfere with Twitter’s IPO run-up. Maybe
all of the above. ** Twitter’s answer to this argument, by the way, is that
its TV conversations are better because they’re happening in “real time” or
something close to it, while Facebook chatter is more diffuse. Tagged with:
advertising, ATD Facebook, Dan Rose, Facebook, Miley Cyrus, Mipcom, Netflix,
Ricky Gervais, second screen, social TV, TV, Twitter Twitter Asks You How You
Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version