WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Andrew LaVallee, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal Atlantans Eat,
Pray, Love While Texting December 8, 2009 at 10:46 am PT Tweet Share Print
Atlanta residents have the most questionable texting habits, according to a
recent survey commissioned by Samsung Mobile. The handset maker asked 300
cellphone users in each of eight metropolitan areas in the U.S., including New
York; Los Angeles; Chicago; Philadelphia; Washington, D.C.; Boston and Denver,
about where they send text messages. Atlantans topped the charts when it comes
to texting while at the dinner table (44 percent), the movies (48 percent), on
dates (27 percent) and at church (15 percent). The city was beaten in only one
category, texting while at concerts or plays, with Philadelphia residents
indicating that 33 percent of them do it, compared with Atlanta’s 31 percent.
The most restrained SMSers appear to be in Denver, where only 17 percent said
they text while dating and 8 percent while praying. Beltway residents were the
least likely (23 percent) to text at the dinner table or at concerts, while
Bostonians were least likely (51 percent) to text from the doctor’s office.
Read the rest of this post on the original site Tagged with: Andrew LaVallee,
Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Denver, digital, Digits, frontpage, hardware, Los
Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Samsung Mobile, SMS, social networking,
software, telecom, texting, The Wall Street Journal, Washington D.C. Must-
Reads from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos
Mourdoukoutas, Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul Graham, Founder,
ViaWeb We Need to Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton, Journalist, The Guardian I,
Glasshole: My Year With Google Glass Mat Honan, Senior Writer, Wired All
Together Now Chris Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The Sculpture on the Moon
Corey S. Powell and Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors, Slate About Must-Reads
» More Inside » About Voices Along with original content and posts from across
the Dow Jones network, this section of AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From
Other Websites — pieces we’ve read, discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like.
Six posts from external sites are included here each weekday, but we only run
the headlines. We link to the original sites for the rest. These posts are
explicitly labeled, so it’s clear that the content comes from other websites,
and for clarity’s sake, all outside posts run against a pink background. We
also solicit original full-length posts and accept some unsolicited
submissions. Read more » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version