Media Web Video Doubter Mark Cuban Invests in Web Video Studio Revision3
Published on February 1, 2011 by Peter Kafka Mark Cuban, Web video skeptic?
Meet Mark Cuban, Web video investor. The voluble entrepreneur and investor,
who made his fortune off Web video during the first Internet boom, is dabbling
in it again: He has put money into Revision3, the Web video studio/network
best known as the home of Diggnation. The investment was part of a small round
of funding Revision3 raised last year, which it hasn’t disclosed until now.
That wouldn’t be that noteworthy, except that Cuban, again and again, has
argued that ever-rising expectations for Web video were overblown, and that
the technology wouldn’t displace TV. Which happens to be where Cuban is
betting heavily, via his HDNet network. A very brief summary of his argument:
Â Internet infrastructure can’t support TV-scale viewing; Web advertising
can’t support TV-scale programming; people like TV. And some representative
blog posts where he make his case: The Great Internet Video Lie; Why Do
Internet People Think Content People Are Stupid?; Â The Future of TV Is…TV.
And here’s a representative counter-argument: Cable TV Is Screwd. It was
written two years ago, by Cuban’s new partner, Revision3 CEO Jim Louderback.
So what gives? Is Cuban finally backing down? Not at all, the billionaire
says. He’s merely investing in a potential source of content for his TV
network. The dollars he’s putting into Revision3 will give him what amounts to
a first look on the video site’s programming, and the chance to turn some of
it into TV shows. “I think Jim can make some money from this. I don’t throw
money away,” Cuban says via email. “But this investment really confirms my
position on web video. While Revision3 will make some money on the web, the
real money is [in] TV. And I wanted HDNet to have the option to be that
outlet.” Louderback, for his part, seems fine with a less than total
endorsement of his industry–he’s the one highlighting Cuban’s investment. “I
like to think that we’re doing some pretty innovative stuff, and [the
investment]Â gives him a broader visibility into that space”, he says. And
since Revision3 won’t say how much money Cuban invested in the company, or the
total size of the round–Louderback will only say that it was “relatively
immaterial” for his company–it’s impossible to gauge what any of this really
means from the outside. In related can’t-really-judge-what-this-means news:
Revision3 says its revenue, which it won’t disclose, grew 80 percent last
year, and that the company turned a profit in Q4 of 2010. Louderback defines
profitable in this instance as “EBIDTA-profitable,” and says his company
should be “solidly in the black” by the middle of this year. Return to: Web
Video Doubter Mark Cuban Invests in Web Video Studio Revision3 URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20110201/web-video-doubter-mark-cuban-invests-in-web-
video-studio-revision3/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | ©
2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.