WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Sales Talks Fell Through, So Ad Exchange AdBrite Shuts
Down January 28, 2013 at 11:51 am PT Tweet Share Print Advertising exchange
AdBrite is shutting down, after an attempt to find a buyer for the company
failed. CEO Hardeep Bindra is telling partners that the company, which has 26
employees, will close by the end of the month, and is selling off its assets.
In an interview, Bindra says he had been trying to sell off the entire
company, but sales talks “unfortunately fell through a couple weeks ago.”
AdBrite raised a reported $40 million since 2004, much of it from Sequoia
Capital. It was best known for many years as the creation of Philip Kaplan,
who had achieved notoriety during the end of the Web 1.0 boom for his
FuckedCompany site. For years the company described itself as the “largest
independent ad exchange, rivaling Google and Yahoo.” But that kind of
designation doesn’t mean a whole lot right now, and the ad exchange market is
dominated by a handful of large players (you can also add newcomer AppNexus to
the mix, as well as Facebook’s newly hatched FBX). Bindra, who joined AdBrite
last April after working on Yahoo’s ad exchange, says his marching orders at
the time were to set the company up for a sale. Tagged with: Ad Tech, ad:tech,
AdBrite, advertising, AppNexus, Facebook, Google, Hardeep Bindra, Philip
Kaplan, Yahoo Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While
You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost)
No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays!
Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT
Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White
Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version