WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher On The Verge of a New Tech Site, Which Finally
Debuts October 31, 2011 at 7:18 pm PT Tweet Share Print Tonight at 1 am PT,
techies who have nothing else to do — that would be me! — can click onto a
brand new tech site called The Verge. Well, kind of — it’s the result of many
months of work by the gang that defected from AOL’s popular Engadget tech
powerhouse, set up temporary shop under the Web site name This Is My Next and
busied themselves with creating The Verge. I have another screenshot below of
the new site that will be focused on news, reviews and features about tech,
and which has been getting a final tweaking all today. From my quick perusal,
it has a vibrant and slick design, with a lot of packed boxes, swooshy
movement and plenty of content. Along with the launch, The Verge’s parent
company — formerly doing business as SB Nation, focused on sports — will also
transform into Vox Media. In a chit-chat with Vox’s CEO Jim Bankoff, top exec
Marty Moe and Josh Topolsky, The Verge’s Editor-in-Chief, the trio of former
AOLers all said they were going to for the big time. “We want to build the
platform for talented native Web voices, in sports and tech for now, and then
we plan to grow more verticals,” said Bankoff. “We want to create more than a
news site or blog about tech — the frustration at AOL was that we did not get
the resources or manpower to realize that bigger vision,” said Topolsky.
(You’re speaking to the choir, brother!) Said Moe: “We think this category has
not had a large enough vision…not enough has been innovated over the years and
we think it is a big opportunity.” Topolsky said the site, along with a mass
of original content from 30 writers, will also be helped by a strong database
of information about all its topics and gadgets and also focus a lot on
community input. “What we want to do was graduate beyond the blog,” he said.
(Hmm…and here I just got the hang of this blog thing.) Bankoff, who would not
say how much Vox spent on launching The Verge — my back-of-the-envelope guess,
several million dollars — said that costs were spread out between the tech and
sports sites with centralized sales and product teams. Initial launch sponsors
are BMW, Sony and Samsung, said Moe, who is aiming to sell “major brand
advertisers on the idea that we will be the premiere destination of consumer
tech coverage.” It has to grow past big sites like Engadget to do so, but
Topolsky said that This Is My Next had three million unique visitors in the
last month and more than 10 million page views. “We have done that with a lot
of editorials and in-depth reviews,” he said. “I think people are really
hungry for great content and stories.” As to competitors, Topolsky said that
“this not to necessarily I win if you lose,” although his clear aim is to
unseat sites like CBS-owned CNET, Engadget and Gawker Media’s Gizmodo and
perhaps even newsier sites such as TechCrunch and AllThingsD (as if!). “We are
going to do the nuts and bolts stuff,” he said. “Somewhere between Engadget
and Wired.” Topolsky compared The Verge to a “boutique hotel — we have the
same stuff everyone else has, but it is a much more elegant experience.”
Later, that will change, he promised, noting that “this is only version 1.0.”
Of course — but what else would you expect from a gadget site? (Good luck and
congrats to the entire The Verge team from AllThingsD!) And here is another
lovely screenshot, as promised: Tagged with: 1.0, advertiser, AllThingsD, AOL,
blog, BMW, boutique hotel, CBS, centralized, CNET, community, content, costs,
coverage, database, design, destination, editorial, Engadget, experience,
feature, gadget, Gawker Media, Gizmodo, Jim Bankoff, Josh Topolsky, manpower,
Marty Moe, news, opportunity, page views, product, resources, review, sales,
Samsung, SB Nation, screenshot, Sony, sports, team, TechCrunch, The Verge,
This Is My Next, topic, vertical, vision, voice, Vox Media, Wired, writer You
Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave
D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31,
2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and
Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral
Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at
4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson,
Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I’m a giant vat of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining
Yahoo AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version