WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Microsoft's Ballmer Will Not Be Showing "Courier"
Slate PC at CES Opening Tonight January 6, 2010 at 10:55 am PT Tweet Share
Print As much as BoomTown likes a good computer tablet faceoff, sources with
knowledge of the situation said that Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer will not be
whipping out the secret “Courier” slate PC, which the company has been
noodling on, in his keynote speech opening the Consumer Electronics Show in
Las Vegas tonight. Instead, he will be showing off a new Hewlett-Packard (HPQ)
slate that runs Microsoft (MSFT) software. Last night, the New York Times
reported that the software giant would do so in a blog post titled: “Microsoft
and H.P. to Reveal Slate PC Ahead of Apple.” Apple (AAPL) will be launching
its much heralded slate at an event in San Francisco Jan. 27, as All Things
Digital has previously reported. The Apple device is garnering the expected
flood of hype, of course. So don’t expect Ballmer to pointlessly go against
the tide of this particular tsunami, thereby painting its slate efforts as
also-ran. Instead, his speech will more likely focus on the company’s new
Windows 7 operating system, cloud computing, portable and mobile devices and
Microsoft’s “software plus services” motto. While Ballmer might talk about a
range of products related to Microsoft, and there will be multiform hardware
shown, including multitouch, tablet-type devices, there will be no grand
showing of the one called the Courier, which Microsoft is reportedly working
on with HP. Hence the possible confusion over the PC slate. Now please go back
to gushing over the Apple iSlate ad nauseum! Tagged with: Apple, BoomTown,
California, CES, CES 2010 Feature, cloud computing, Consumer Electronics Show,
Courier, device, digital, E-Reader Feature, event, face-off, hardware,
Hewlett-Packard, hype, innovation, iSlate, Kara Swisher, Keynote, Las Vegas,
Microsoft, multi-form, multi-touch, Nevada, New York Times, operating system,
PC, portable, San Francisco, services, Slate, speech, Steve Ballmer, tablet,
Windows 7 You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT
Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1
… December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version