Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Privacy & Terms of Service
Our Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Last Updated: 8th November, 2017. We at
Adaptly, Inc. (“Adaptly,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy
policy (this “Privacy Policy”) because we know that you care about how
information you provide to us is used and shared. This Privacy Policy relates
to our information collection and use practices in connection with our website
located at www.adaptly.com (our “Website”). By browsing, accessing or using
our Website, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the
accompanying Terms of Use. The Information We Collect In the course of
operating the Website, we will collect (and/or receive) the following types of
information. You authorize us to collect and/or receive such information.
Personal Information We do not collect Personal Information from you, unless
you voluntarily provide it to us. For purposes of this Privacy Policy,
“Personal Information” means information that identifies you or can be used to
identify or contact you, such as your name, email address, physical address
and telephone number. Geolocational Information. Certain features and
functionalities of the Website are based on your location. In order to provide
these features and functionalities while you are using a mobile device, we
may, with your consent, automatically collect geolocational information from
your mobile device or wireless carrier and/or certain third-party service
providers. Such information is collectively called the “Geolocational
Information.” Other Information. In addition to the information noted above,
we may collect additional information (collectively, the “Other Information”).
Such Other Information may include: From You. Additional information about
yourself that you voluntarily provide to us (e.g., via a survey), such as
company name, job title, gender, product and service preferences, and other
information that does not identify you personally. From Your Activity.
Information that we automatically collect when you use the Website, including,
without limitation: IP addresses, which may consist of a static or dynamic IP
address and will sometimes point to a specific identifiable computer or
device; browser type and language; referring and exit pages and URLs; date and
time; amount of time spent on particular pages; what sections of the Website
you visit; and similar data; and Information about your device, including the
type of device; universally unique ID (“UUID”); advertising identifier
(“IDFA”); MAC address; operating system and version (e.g., iOS, Android or
Windows); carrier and country location; hardware and processor information
(e.g., storage, chip speed, camera resolution, NFC enabled); network type
(WiFi, 3G, 4G, LTE); and similar data. From Cookies. Information that we
collect using “cookie” technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a
website stores on your computer’s or mobile device’s hard drive so that your
computer will “remember” information about your visit. We may use both session
cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies
(which stay on your computer until you delete them) to help us collect Other
Information and to enhance your experience using the Website. If you do not
want us to place a cookie on your hard drive, you may be able to turn that
feature off on your computer or mobile device. Please consult your Internet
browser’s documentation for information on how to do this and how to delete
persistent cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from us, the
Website may not function properly. Third-Party Analytics We use third-party
analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the
Website, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze
performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to
the Website and mobile and Internet usage. These third parties use cookies and
other technologies to help analyze and provide us the data. By accessing and
using the Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by these
analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy
Policy. For more information on Google Analytics, including how to opt out
from certain data collection, please visit https://www.google.com/analytics.
Please be advised that if you opt out of any service, you may not be able to
use the full functionality of the Website. From Other Sources. We also may
collect or receive information about you from third parties, such as Facebook
and/or other third-party social media sites. We may use this information as
permitted under any agreement that we have in place with such third party
media site and as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Information Collected by
or Through Third-Party Companies We may share Other Information about your
activity on the Website with third parties for the purpose of tailoring,
analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing content you see on the Website
and elsewhere. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called
web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such Other
Information for such purposes. Pixel tags enable us, and these third-parties,
to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the
pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a
given site. How We Use and Share the Information We use the Personal
Information, the Geolocational Information, and the Other Information
(collectively, the “Information”) in connection with our products and
services; to maintain and improve our Website and products and services; to
solicit your feedback; and to inform you about our products and services. We
may also use and/or share Information as described below. We may employ other
companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may
include providing technical assistance, customer service, and marketing
assistance. These other companies will have access to the Information only as
necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. In an
ongoing effort to better understand our visitors and our Website, we may
analyze Information in aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage,
and improve the Website. This aggregate information does not identify you
personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, and
business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to
describe our products and services to current and prospective business
partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. We may share
some or all of your Information with any of our parent companies,
subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us.
As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In
the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets,
dissolution, or similar event, the Information may be part of the transferred
assets. To the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose the Information:
(i) when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement
authority or regulatory agency; or (ii) whenever we believe that disclosing
such Information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the
rights, property, or safety of Adaptly or others. How We Protect the
Information We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Information
from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or
destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is
impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we
guarantee that the Information that you supply will not be intercepted while
being transmitted to and from us over the Internet. In particular, e-mail sent
to or from the Website may not be secure, and you should therefore take
special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Important
Notice to Non-U.S. Residents It is important to note that the Website and its
servers are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the
United States, please be aware that any Information you provide to us will be
transferred to the United States. By using the Website and by providing us
Information when using our services, you hereby irrevocably consent to this
transfer and our use of the Information and data provided by you in accordance
with this Privacy Policy. Children We do not knowingly collect Personal
Information from children under the age of 13 through the Website. If you are
under 13, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents
and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help
enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide
Personal Information through the Website without their permission. If you have
reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal
Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that
information from our databases. California Residents Under California Civil
Code Section 1798.83, California residents who have an established business
relationship with Adaptly may choose to opt out of our sharing your Personal
Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a
California resident and (1) you wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request
certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to
third parties for the direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to
contactus@adaplty.com with “PRIVACY POLICY” in the subject line or write to us
at: Adaptly, Inc. 386 Park Avenue S, Floor 17 New York, New York 10016 We do
not monitor, recognize, or honor any behavioral advertising opt-out or do not
track mechanisms, including general web browser “Do Not Track” settings and/or
signals. External Websites The Website may contain links to third party
website, and we have no control over the privacy practices or the content of
any third party websites. We are not responsible for the content or the
privacy policies of any third party website, and you should check the
applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any third
party website. Changes to This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective
as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may change this
Privacy Policy from time to time. By accessing the Website after we make any
such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such
changes, so please check this Privacy Policy often. Please be aware that, to
the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of the Information is governed
by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect the Information. Please
refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. How to Contact Us If you
have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at
contactus@adaptly.com with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line. Copyright
2016 Adaptly, Inc. All rights reserved. Adaptly.com Terms of Use Last Updated:
23rd May, 2016. Adaptly, Inc. (“Adaptly,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) welcomes you
to our website located at www.adaptly.com (the “Website”). By using the
Website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be
legally bound by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use and the terms
and conditions of our Privacy Policy, which are hereby incorporated by
reference (collectively, this “Agreement”). If you do not agree to any of
these terms, then you are not permitted to use the Website. We may update
these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Please check back often
to make sure that you are aware of the current Terms of Use. USE OF THE
WEBSITE Through the Website, you may: (i) view all content and access all
publicly-available features and functionality on the Website; (ii) download
content from the Website; (iii) subscribe to Adaptly communications, alerts
and other notifications; and (iv) contact us. By accessing and/or using the
Website, you agree to comply with the following restrictions on use: You will
comply with all applicable laws in your use of the Website and will not use
the Website for any unlawful purpose; You will not access or use the Website
to collect any market research for a competing business; You will not
impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent
your affiliation with a person or entity; You will not interfere with or
attempt to interrupt the proper operation of the Website through the use of
any virus, device, information collection or transmission mechanism, software
or routine, or access or attempt to gain access to any data, files, or
passwords related to the Website through hacking, password or data mining, or
any other means; You will not cover, obscure, block, or in any way interfere
with any advertisements and/or safety features (e.g., report abuse button) on
the Website; You will not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated
means to access the Website for any purpose without our express written
permission; provided, however, we grant the operators of public search engines
permission to use spiders to copy materials from the public portions of the
Website for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for
creating publicly-available searchable indices of the materials, but not
caches or archives of such materials; You will not take any action that
imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on our technical infrastructure; and We reserve
the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to deny you access to the
Website, or to any portion of the Website, without notice. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY The Website contains material, such as software, text, graphics,
images, designs, sound recordings, audiovisual works, and other material
provided by or on behalf of Adaptly (collectively referred to as the
“Content”). The Content may be owned by us or third parties. The Content is
protected under both United States and foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the
Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You have no rights
in or to the Content except as permitted under this Agreement. No other use is
permitted without prior written consent from us. You may not sell, transfer,
assign, license, sublicense, or modify the Content or reproduce, display,
publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use
the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use or
posting of the Content on any other website or in a networked computer
environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. The trademarks, service
marks, and logos of Adaptly (the “Adaptly Trademarks”) used and displayed on
the Website are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of
Adaptly. Other company, product, and service names located on the Website may
be trademarks or service marks owned by others (the “Third-Party Trademarks,”
and, collectively with Adaptly Trademarks, the “Trademarks”). Nothing on the
Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or
otherwise, any license or right to use the Trademarks, without our prior
written permission specific for each such use. Use of the Trademarks as part
of a link to or from any Website is prohibited unless establishment of such a
link is approved in advance by us in writing. All goodwill generated from the
use of the Adaptly Trademarks inures to our benefit. Elements of the Website
are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other state
and federal laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part, by any
means, including, but not limited to, the use of framing or mirrors. None of
the Content may be retransmitted without our express, written consent for each
and every instance. COMMUNICATIONS WITH US Although we encourage you to e-mail
us, we do not want you to, and you should not, e-mail us any content that
contains confidential information. With respect to all e-mails and
communications you send to us, including, but not limited to, feedback,
questions, comments, suggestions, and the like, we shall be free to use any
ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in your communications for
any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, the development,
production, and marketing of products and services that incorporate such
information without compensation or attribution to you. NO WARRANTIES;
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”
AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THAT
THE WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS, OR THE
CONTENT ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE
FEATURES. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’
RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A
COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY WARRANTY, CONTRACT, OR COMMON LAW TORT CLAIMS, (I) WE SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS,
OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO ACCESS AND USE THE WEBSITE
OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES; AND (II) ANY DIRECT DAMAGES THAT YOU MAY SUFFER AS A RESULT OF YOUR
USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY MONIES YOU HAVE PAID
US IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE DURING THE THREE (3) MONTHS
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. EXTERNAL WEBSITES
The Website may contain links to third-party websites (“External Websites”).
These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an
endorsement by us of the content on such External Websites. The content of
such External Websites is developed and provided by others. You should contact
the Website administrator or webmaster for those External Websites if you have
any concerns regarding such links or any content located on such External
Websites. We are not responsible for the content of any linked External
Websites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy
of materials on such External Websites. You should take precautions when
downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and
other destructive programs. If you decide to access linked External Websites,
you do so at your own risk. INDEMNIFICATION You agree to defend, indemnify,
and hold us and our officers, directors, employees, successors, licensees, and
assigns harmless from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including,
without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting
from your breach of this Agreement or your misuse of the Content or the
Website. We shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding
and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit, or
proceeding. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive
defense and control of any matter that is subject to indemnification under
this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable
requests assisting our defense of such matter. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
The Website is based in the United States. We make no claims concerning
whether the Content may be downloaded, viewed, or be appropriate for use
outside of the United States. If you access or use the Website or the Content
from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk. Whether inside
or outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring
compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction. TERMINATION OF THE
AGREEMENT We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend,
or terminate this Agreement and your access to all or any part of the Website,
at any time and for any reason without prior notice or liability. We reserve
the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Website at
any time without prior notice or liability. MISCELLANEOUS This Agreement and
any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of New
York without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You expressly agree:
(i) to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the State of New York; and (ii) that the Website shall be
deemed passive and does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over Adaptly,
either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than New York. The
following provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this
Agreement: “Intellectual Property,” “Communications with Us,” “No Warranties;
Limitation of Liability,” “Indemnification,” “Termination of the Agreement,”
and “Miscellaneous.” Our failure to act on or enforce any provision of the
Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other
provision in this Agreement. No waiver shall be effective against us unless
made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any
other or subsequent instance. Except as expressly agreed by us and you in
writing, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and us
with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or
contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with
respect to the subject matter. The section headings are provided merely for
convenience and shall not be given any legal import. This Agreement will inure
to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees.
Copyright 2016 Adaptly, Inc. All rights reserved. Be Remarkable General
Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information
pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London
20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive
Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa
Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103
Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact