Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Partnerships
Cancer Cellular Therapy Adaptive has partnered* with Genentech, a member of
the Roche Group, to develop, manufacture, and commercialize novel neoantigen
directed T-cell therapies for the treatment of a broad range of cancers. We
are building a transformational new treatment paradigm of tailoring cellular
therapy for each patient’s individual cancer. More on Cancer Cellular Therapy
*The completion of the agreement is subject to customary closing conditions,
including clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act,
and is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2019. ANTIGEN MAP Adaptive
has partnered with Microsoft to map and decode the human immune system,
nature’s most finely tuned diagnostic. The ultimate goal is to develop a
universal blood-based diagnostic, so that diseases can be detected in their
earliest stages when they can be most effectively treated. More on Antigen Map
Biopharmaceutical Partners Adaptive works with nearly 100 biopharmaceutical
partners in over 150 trials per year across the research and development value
chain to incorporate proven immune-driven metrics and screening capabilities
into translational analyses, diagnostic tools and drug discovery efforts. We
work collaboratively to elucidate mechanism of action and dosing for earlier
phase clinical trials, identify biomarkers of efficacy or adverse events for
later stage trials, and screen for drug candidates that utilize or leverage
the acumen of the immune system. In all our partnering models, Adaptive
provides end-to-end support including hypothesis-driven trial design,
extensive data analyses, parallel regulatory support, compliant data
transfers, and novel target screening. Contact business development Strategic
Collaborators Adaptive works with academic investigators, government-sponsored
scientific institutions, and cooperative research organizations globally to
incorporate immune profiling into high-impact research and clinical trials
across disease settings. We work closely with teams on study design,
sequencing, data analysis, and publication, with the overall goal of using
immune repertoire dynamics to understand disease and host interactions,
stratify patient populations, determine potential biomarkers of drug response,
and ultimately improve patient outcomes. Contact business development
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses