WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walter S. Mossberg and Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail
RSS Follow @kabster728 The Digital Solution > Music Tuning In to Internet
Radio Without a Computer March 22, 2006 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See
More Reviews » Internet radio is very cool. It allows you to listen to both
traditional radio stations from all over the globe, as streamed through Web
sites, and to stations that exist only on the Net. The variety of music and
talk these stations offer is staggering, but there’s a problem: To listen to
them, you have to be sitting in front of a computer. Many folks would rather
listen to Internet radio in rooms where their computers don’t live, or where
they’d rather not lug a laptop. To do so today, you have to buy a device that
transmits music from a computer to remote speakers. These include the
Squeezebox from Slim Devices Inc., Netgear’s MP101 Wireless Digital Music
Player and Roku’s SoundBridge M1000. None of these devices includes its own
built-in speakers. You have to attach them to your audio system, and some
require you to manage software on the computer that allows them to work over
your network, a tricky process. But, this week, we tested a new Internet radio
product that’s totally self-contained and requires almost no setup. It doesn’t
depend on a computer to bring in Internet radio, but does the job itself,
wirelessly connecting to your broadband service, just like a computer does.
And it doesn’t require an external audio system. It has its own built-in
subwoofer and speakers, just like a traditional radio. It even looks like a
traditional radio, but it does much more. This new product is called the
SoundBridge Radio, and comes from Roku LLC. It’s due to hit store shelves in a
few weeks at around $400, which includes a remote control. By including
speakers, Roku eliminates the intimidating extra step of fiddling with wires
to attach the device to a separate sound system. With its own sound system,
the SoundBridge Radio can also function as an alarm clock, and it can receive
your local AM and FM stations over the air, in addition to Internet radio.
Roku’s SoundBridge Radio, priced at $400, includes a remote, built-in speakers
and a subwoofer. And, even though it doesn’t require a computer for radio, the
SoundBridge can pull music off your computers wirelessly and play it. It can
even play music stored on a SecureDigital memory card. We rocked out all week,
listening to all different types of radio stations, and concluded that the
SoundBridge Radio is a decent product, but its user interface could stand some
improvement. In addition to playing roughly 100 preprogrammed Internet radio
stations, the SoundBridge Radio also detects and plays music from all
libraries within range of your wireless network — without having to install
any special software on your Windows or Mac computer. These libraries can
include content running on Apple’s iTunes, Real Networks’ Rhapsody, Windows
Media Connect and Windows Media 10, as well as services like MusicMatch,
Napster, MSN Music and Walmart.com. To add your own Internet radio stations
onto the SoundBridge Radio, you must use a convoluted method involving iTunes.
This summer, Roku plans to upgrade its software so as to include many more
preprogrammed stations on each device. The SoundBridge Radio is black and
measures 11 inches wide, 6 inches high and 6½ inches deep. Two speakers are
built into its front panel, and a subwoofer is built into its rear. A
horizontal display with blue-green lettering runs across the front panel, and
13 buttons are built into the top ledge, including a hard-to-miss sleep button
and six numbered preset buttons. A headphone jack and SD card slot are
positioned on the player’s right side. We had no trouble setting up the
SoundBridge Radio. We plugged it in, and its display screen immediately came
to life, asking us a few simple questions, which we answered by pressing the
Select button on an included remote. After a few seconds of waiting, we were
on our way. This text in the display screen can be adjusted to one of six
different fonts; we chose the average-size type. While the smallest enabled us
to see more text, it was impossible to see across the room, and the largest
font had to constantly scroll to display song information. Unlike on some
other devices, the remote has no built-in little screen of its own. Navigating
through the SoundBridge Radio was confusing at times. A Source menu listed the
six sections of the player, including each of our share-enabled iTunes music
collections, and read: Play Walt’s iMac, Play Katie’s Music, Play AM Radio,
Play FM Radio, Play Internet Radio and System Configuration. The radio itself
had a Source button on it that, when pressed, easily retrieved this menu, but
the remote had no such button. The remote does have a Home button (represented
by a house icon), but this goes only to the main menu within the current
source, not to the useful Source menu itself. After selecting each of our
music libraries, options for how to play the music appeared on the screen,
such as by selecting premade playlists or by browsing through and choosing a
specific artist. We played a few songs from each of our iTunes libraries,
including Billy Joel and Coldplay, and were impressed by the sound. Music
bought on Apple’s iTunes Music Store will not play on the SoundBridge Radio
because of Apple’s refusal to license its digital rights management software.
Instead, the title of that purchased tune shows up in the display line with a
tiny padlock icon next to it; playable music is distinguished with a music
note. But backing out of a song while it played wasn’t as easy as we had hoped
— pressing the Back button didn’t do anything. We pressed the Home button,
which took us two steps further back than we wanted to navigate. AM, FM and
Internet radio each had its own list of stations. We attached two separate
antennas to the SoundBridge so the AM and FM radios could be received, then
used seek buttons on the remote and radio itself to find stations. About 100
Internet stations were preloaded on the SoundBridge Radio, but these could be
sorted by various categories like name, genre or language. We listened to
various Internet radio stations, including Beatles Radio, Swiss Radio, Smooth
Beats, Southern California Public Radio and CNN Radio. But we had trouble with
a few stations — like ESPN and Pacifica Radio — that failed to stream content
to our radio after five tries. Roku said that this might have been because the
stations’ servers were busy. Without the remote, the Roku SoundBridge Radio
functions — but not completely. The six numbered preset buttons are
categorized into A, B and C, so there are really 18 places to save a station
from AM, FM or Internet radio. You can also use the preset buttons to save
specific playlists, as well as lists of search results, by holding down a
preset while listening to a song or station in that category. For example,
while listening to music from Walt’s iMac, we held down the number six button,
and a new label was placed on that button, smartly titled “All songs on Walt’s
iMac.” If the Radio is in standby mode, the time, or the time and full date,
can be displayed. Pressing any of the preset buttons will turn on the device
and start playing music saved under that preset. Another button brings the
Source menu to the screen, but Roku didn’t think to add a select button to the
Radio, so we couldn’t navigate far enough to listen to music from the Katie’s
Music or Walt’s iMac libraries. Overall, the Roku SoundBridge Radio is a smart
device that needs a little tweaking. If the company really wants to market it
as an alarm, it has to understand that users will want to play all of its
available music, including computer libraries, without a remote. And
navigating with the remote itself needs to be improved so that users don’t
feel like they can’t back up out of a menu. But by designing this receiver
with built-in speakers, Roku made it less confusing for average users — a move
that might encourage more people to step away from their computers, while
still enjoying great music. Email: MossbergSolution@wsj.com Tagged with AM,
Apple, iMac, Internet, iTunes, music, Napster, Netgear, RealNetworks,
Rhapsody, Roku, Slim Devices Inc., Soundbridge, Squeezebox, Web, Windows
You’ve Come a Long Way, Silicon Valley December 17, 2013 at 3:47 pm PT Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup December 10,
2013 at 3:15 pm PT Oh, the Places Your Phone Will Find December 03, 2013 at
3:14 pm PT Xbox One: Digital Home Base for the Living Room November 26, 2013
at 3:25 pm PT An iPad That’s Mini in Screen Size Only November 19, 2013 at
3:06 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of
columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal
dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version