WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Who Said Web 2.0 Was R.I.P.? Microblog Tumblr Raises $4.5
Million, Expectations. December 11, 2008 at 3:00 am PT Tweet Share Print
Tumblr is exactly the kind of start-up that’s supposed to be gasping for air
in today’s dismal economy: A trendy but niche Web service with a prominent
founder and exactly zero revenue. Instead, the New York-based company has just
raised a $4.5 million Series B round that its CEO, 22-year-old David Karp,
says will fund it for two and a half years. Union Square Ventures and Spark
Capital, which led the company’s first $750,000 round a year ago, also led
this financing. My educated guess is that its investors now value Tumblr at
around $15 million. Tumblr is a “microblog” platform that is supposed to let
its users quickly create nice-looking posts with a minimum of effort; it sits
somewhere between Twitter and full-fledged blogs like Blogger and TypePad. It
is popular with a relatively small but prolific user base: Its 500,000 users
have created pages that draw 15 million unique visitors and 61 million page
views a month, Karp says. Money? Nope. Tumblr is free–and has no ads
cluttering up its hipster vibe. Way back in 2007, those kinds of numbers would
have been catnip for the likes of Google (GOOG) or Yahoo (YHOO). Now, though,
even deep-pocketed buyers aren’t racing to snap up revenue-free start-ups. But
Karp says raising money from his previous investors was easy: “These guys came
to us with a deal that made us incredibly comfortable.” Karp says he’s going
to start generating money in early 2009. Not by selling ads on his members
pages–Karp thinks the site will eventually incorporate ads in some way, but
not yet–but by selling users “premium” services, most of which he’s not ready
to describe. He does promise they will be “really sexy.” More practically,
Karp points out that other Web services, like the WordPress blogging platform
and Yahoo’s Flickr photo service, have been able to upsell many of their users
with goodies like extra storage. He figures many of his users will pay up,
too. The new money means he’ll have time to prove his thesis. Karp has just
doubled his staff–which means there are now all of six people on payroll. One
of them, hired in September, is John Maloney, Karp’s former boss at Urban
Baby, where he started his Web career. Maloney is now in charge of business
operations. The money also means there are heightened expectations. Karp has
done much more than people twice his age (and has the press clips to prove
it). But the newest funding round means his investors think the company will
be worth as much as $50 million by the time he sells it or raises more cash.
In order to prove them right, he’s got a lot of work ahead of him. [Image
Credit: David’s Log] Tagged with: ad, blog, cash, David Karp, deal, economy,
Flickr, funding, Google, investor, investors, John Maloney, MediaMemo,
microblog, New York, page views, payroll, Peter Kafka, photo service, premium
services, revenue, Series B, Spark Capital, Start-up, storage, Tumblr,
Twitter, TypePad, Union Square Ventures, unique visitors, Urban Baby, user
base, value, Web, Web 2.0, WordPress, Yahoo Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version