WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Mike Isaac ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @MikeIsaac Recent
Posts by Mike Isaac Facebook to Introduce Hashtags — And That’s a Double-Edged
Sword for Twitter March 14, 2013 at 1:09 pm PT Tweet Share Print Facebook has
always wanted to edge in on Twitter’s Interest Graph. The idea is, it’s a boon
for ad dollars, as Twitter’s real-time stream taps into the immediate
sentiment of the crowd. Facebook’s Friend Graph, while powerful, isn’t
designed for immediacy. At least, not yet. As was previously reported by The
Wall Street Journal, and as I’ve verified through sources of my own, Facebook
plans to launch its own Linkify’d version of the hashtag, allowing users to
connect common themes and trending topics around the social network by adding
the simple hashtag symbol to a status update. Clicking through sends a reader
down a rabbit hole of information, all connected to the hashtag being
followed. “We don’t comment on rumors and speculation,” Facebook told
AllThingsD. Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Facebook already hinted at something like this at its News Feed redesign event
last week. Breaking up the entire feed into separate verticals — like photos,
music, and the entire sharing stream instead of only some shares — was the
most Twitter-y thing Facebook has done yet. I’m surprised they didn’t
introduce the linked hashtags throughout the service at the News Feed event.
But drilling down on the hashtag specifically is a direct affront to Twitter,
potentially dipping into Twitter’s valuable ad dollar territory. Look at it
this way: Imagine the power, Twitter would say, of an advertiser sticking an
ad in a user’s face at the exact time they want to see it. If a user follows a
hashtag about, say, #desserts, a company like Hostess could sell ads against
anyone who searches that hashtag, sticking a promoted tweet for their
delightful pink Sno-Balls in front of everyone following the hashtag. It’s a
practice that’s slowly catching on for the advertisers who can understand it
(but not every brand is totally up to speed on how to best advertise on
Twitter). Facebook, on the other hand, can’t tap into that trending sentiment
quite as effectively. While the company does attempt to place relevant ads in
the News Feed and lower-right-rail to reach its users, it would do better to
let people dig deeper into trends across categories. So blatantly ripping off
Twitter makes some sense here. And Facebook has hinted that this could be a
reality for the site. In January, the company debuted Graph Search, the
nascent way of digging deep into Facebook by making connections through the
Friend Graph. Also, Instagram has used hashtags for some time, though that
seems to have grown out of the language of Twitter. Essentially, edging in on
Twitter’s advertising territory by offering a better way to connect ads to
users could spell trouble for Twitter. But there’s a glass-half-full way of
looking at this. One of Twitter’s largest issues has been its difficulty
translating just how normal people are supposed to use the hashtag in the
first place. When on-boarding new users, they’re faced with a litany of “at
symbols” and hashtags, a language of Twitter’s own that isn’t immediately
clear. Not to mention the difficulty of letting users know how to use hashtags
effectively in search and discovery; right now, Twitter’s search and discovery
tab has improved, but it has long been terrible. So Facebook’s widespread
adoption of this language could actually bring the lexicon to the masses,
essentially introducing a billion newbies to a gnarly language — one which
Twitter is still trying to figure out how to introduce to users. Remember,
Twitter: Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. Just hope that this rip-
off is to your advantage. Tagged with: ad dollars, advertising, Facebook,
hashtags, language, Media, Twitter In Wake of Delivery Delays, Amazon Offers
Gift Cards to Customers December 26, 2013 at 12:11 pm PT RapGenius and Google:
Tales in Growth Hacking Gone Wrong December 26, 2013 at 9:52 am PT Twitter
Stock Has a Very Merry Christmas December 26, 2013 at 6:45 am PT Freshdesk
Nabs $7 Million Series C December 19, 2013 at 4:30 am PT Tweets Are the New
Black: NYT Reporter’s Twitter Book to Be Made for TV December 18, 2013 at 9:57
am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version