WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Sony Apologizes For the Playstation Network
Breach May 1, 2011 at 5:50 am PT Tweet Share Print Sony apologized for losing
the personal data of some 77 million customers of its Playstation Gaming
Network, at a holiday weekend press conference in Japan held overnight U.S.
time. The Wall Street Journal’s Daisuke Wakabayashi was there, and reports
that Sony executive Kazuo Hirai, Sony’s number two and widely seen as the most
likely successor to CEO Howard Stringer, bowed deeply to apologize for the
hassle the company’s customers are undergoing as a result of the breach. It
also said it hopes to partially restore service on the gaming network this
week and to have it back up and running fully by the end of the month. Hirai
said that some 10 million customers out of the 77 million in total, may have
had their credit card information taken. This would explain reports by
security researchers who have seen hackers chattering about trading data
stolen from Sony in online forums that circulated late in the week. Asked why
Sony didn’t inform customers about the implications of the breach sooner,
Hirai said that “sifting through the data took a long time.” He said the
company has been under a sustained cyber-attack for about six weeks, and that
the personal information of Sony executives and their families have been
published online. The attacks, which were carried out against a data center in
San Diego, are taking place against the backdrop of Sony’s recent tangle with
the hacker George Hotz, after he uncovered a method to jailbreak the
Playstation 3 gaming system in order to allow it to play games that Sony
hadn’t approved. Sony sued him, but ultimately settled out of court. However
the wrangle enraged hackers in a loosely affiliated community operating under
the name “Anonymous.” Hotz has denied any connection with the current round of
attacks, as has Anonymous. Whoever carried out the attack and whatever their
reason, the damage to Sony is worsening by the day. Sony’s shares fell more
than 4 percent in Tokyo Friday and are now trading at their lowest level in
nearly two years. It’s not yet clear how much of a hit to its earnings this
incident will cause, though one has to assume that many customers are probably
lost both from the Playstation Network and from Qriocity for good. Hirai said
the company may offer to pay fees that credit card companies charge to issue
new cards for affected customers. Add to that the costs from additional
security measures that will certainly follow, the expense from multiple
lawsuits–some of which are already filed–and the cost to respond to regulators
and lawmakers around the world who are now lining up against Sony, and it
appears this problem is going to get expensive really fast. Tagged with: data
centers, gaming, hackers, security, Sony Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version