News Dell’s Shareholder Meeting and Vote on the Leveraged Buyout Published on
July 18, 2013 by Arik Hesseldahl The meeting of Dell shareholders for a vote
on the $24.4 billion leveraged buyout proposed by Michael Dell and the private
equity firm Silver Lake is set to begin shortly. One of three things will
happen: The vote will pass with a majority of at least 43 percent of
shareholders not named Michael Dell voting in favor of the deal; it will fail
with a similarly sized majority voting to reject it; or the meeting will be
called to order and then immediately adjourned, effectively delaying the vote
for as much as a week. If a vote happens at all, it is expected to be close.
Each of those eventualities brings with it a set additional outcomes. If the
proposal is approved, Carl Icahn is expected to lead an effort among
shareholders to fight the deal through the courts. If it fails, it sets up the
prospect of a protracted proxy battle for control of the company. If it is
delayed, it means Michael Dell and Silver Lake have decided to try and lobby a
few more shareholders to switch sides. Pressure will be on them — and, for
that matter, on Icahn, too — to raise their bid. 5:55 am: Good morning. We’re
waiting for the meeting to get under way. 6:01 am: So this is being billed as
a “special meeting of the shareholders.” It will be led by Alex Mandl, the
Dell director who has headed up its special committee. 6:03 am: Okay, we have
music. 6:05 am: “Today is the day we waited for.” ELO, a.k.a. Electric Light
Orchestra. Nice choice. 6:06 am: We’ll see about that. If the vote is delayed
via an adjournment, today may not turn out to be the day. 6:07 am: We’ve just
gotten the five-minute warning. “Please take your seats.” 6:10 am: And now
silence. I imagine a lot of people milling about. 6:12 am: I have been told by
sources familiar with how things are expected to go that the meeting will be
very short. 6:13 am: So, what we’re expecting is one of three scenarios: The
buyout proposal will be approved quickly. This is, I think, unlikely, given
the number of shareholders who have come out against the deal in recent days.
The meeting is beginning. Alex Mandl is speaking. He’s talking about the
corporate bylaws. 6:15 am: He is moving for an adjourment. Meeting is
adjourned until next Wednesday. 6:16 am: So, after all that, no vote will
occur today. 6:17 am: Mandl said the purpose of the adjournment is to “solicit
further shareholder votes.” 6:18 am: This means that the next meeting will be
convened on July 24 at 8 am CT, at Dell’s Campus in Round Rock, Texas. That
means we’ll see you here next week. 6:19 am: With that, we’ll close out this
liveblog. Thanks for tuning in, and we’ll see you back here next Wednesday.
Return to: Dell’s Shareholder Meeting and Vote on the Leveraged Buyout URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20130718/liveblogging-dells-shareholder-meeting-and-
vote-on-the-leveraged-buyout/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | ©
2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.