WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Next Yahoo Executive Shoe–of Many–to Fall? June
19, 2007 at 12:53 am PT Tweet Share Print While it’s corporate sport to focus
on the ins and outs of the departure of Terry Semel–was he pushed or did he
motor out of Yahoo on his own or, the truth, a little of both?–it’s probably a
better idea to look at what will come in the days ahead for Yahoo’s ranks.
Sources tell me that now that Sue Decker has ascended to president from
running the Advertiser and Publisher Group, that job, as well as the never-
filled Audience Group one (announced by Semel in the last reorg in December),
will no longer exist. As in, poof, gone! Executives under those umbrellas will
apparently report up through current ranks to Decker. That is, except the job
of tech head–recently vacated by Farzad Nazem and taken over on an interim
basis by new CEO and Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang–which will report directly to
Yang. That’s right, for now, Yang will report to Yang. But what else? First, I
would expect there to be more executive departures. With the drop-off in the
display ad business, for example, one wonders if current Chief Sales Officer
Wenda Harris Millard is going to be feeling the pressure from on high.
Pictured here, she joined Yahoo around the time Semel got there, bringing a
lot of advertising experience to the then-flimsy ad efforts. While she
definitely raised the game at Yahoo, results are results. Also vulnerable is
Gregory Coleman, Yahoo’s executive vice president of global sales. And, it is
important to underscore the need to raise morale at Yahoo and attract dynamic
new employees. The mood at the company has been, shall we say, glum, and that
falls in the purview of Libby Sartain, Chief People Yahoo, an annoyingly cute
way of saying she runs human resources. (She is pictured here.) Now, I don’t
find many companies where the HR head is beloved, but Sartain does attract an
unusual amount of ire from some in the company for not being as supportive as
one might hope. But the real issue won’t be those leaving with a bit of a
push, but those who want to get out while the getting is good. The departure
of major execs, shown here, like Marco Boerries (right), the executive vice
president of the Connected Life Division, and the more high-profile Jeff
Weiner (left), who is executive vice president of its Network Division, would
be a blow. While it is not likely either will bolt soon–and it is critical for
Yahoo to hold onto as many top execs as they can right now–they are ripe
pickings for any aggressive Internet company looking for leadership. And what
of Brad Garlinghouse, shown here, the man who seemed to set this whole
conflagration, when he penned the now legendary “Peanut Butter Manifesto.”
That four-page memo struck a nerve inside and outside the company when it
became public late last year, as it called for an overhaul of Yahoo
management, a resetting of priorities and pointed out cleverly that the
company had spread itself too thin. (Get it? Peanut butter? Spread thin?)
Given his role as the one whose recommendations have seemingly come to pass
and then some (“Existing business owners must be held accountable for where we
find ourselves today–heads must roll,” he wrote), it’s likely Garlinghouse’s
job is pretty sticky. Please see this disclosure related to me and Google.
Tagged with: advertising, BoomTown, Brad Garlinghouse, digital, Farzad Nazem,
Gregory Coleman, Internet, Jeff Weiner, Jerry Yang, Kara Swisher, Libby
Sartain, Marco Boerries, Sue Decker, Terry Semel, Wenda Harris Millard, Yahoo
You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our
Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December
31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski
and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral
Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at
4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson,
Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Just as the atom bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war
obsolete, the Internet seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-
destructive genius, an economic doomsday device rendering it impossible for
anyone to ever make a profit off anything again. It’s especially hopeless for
those whose work is easily digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim
Kreider on not getting paid for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version