WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in
Midair December 19, 2013 at 1:52 pm PT Tweet Share Print Touchscreens have
become so 2007, the wearable computing crowd chants. The next big thing for
how we interact with our technology, they say, might be touching nothing at
all. Consider two new wearable projects clamoring for attention this week, the
Atheer One and Meta Pro. Both are augmented-reality-focused smart glasses that
project their interfaces in front of users’ faces. Cameras and sensors on the
glasses can determine how far away real-world objects are, including hands and
fingers, so someone who from the outside seems to be poking at air may
actually be tapping a holographic display. With tactile touchscreen-based
phones and tablets still selling like crazy, the specifics of how many
consumers want this sort of interaction isn’t part of the discussion, at least
not yet. But: Future! Iron Man! Minority Report! Shh! For whatever it’s worth,
though, Meta was interesting enough to Kickstarter backers earlier this year
to raise $194,444, nearly double its original goal, for a developer version
called the Meta One and a consumer version, the Meta Pro. Pre-orders for the
$3,000 Pro, planned for a June/July 2014 launch, opened on Tuesday at
SpaceGlasses.com. Now Atheer is trying to pull off the same trick. This
morning, it launched an Indiegogo campaign (an eleventh-hour switch after
getting bogged down in Kickstarter’s project approval process, I’m told), also
asking for $100,000 to finance a developer version, to arrive April-June 2014,
and then the consumer model, the Atheer One, for December 2014. Atheer was
originally only in the UI business, and debuted its wearables platform at the
D11 conference in May of this year. “We are not a hardware play,” CEO
Soulaiman Itani said in an interview. “We are software, but there was nothing
out there for us to put the software on.” So, the company brokered
manufacturing partnerships for the dev kit, which costs $850, and the later
consumer version, which costs $350. While the dev kit packs a processor,
battery and so on into the glasses themselves, the Atheer One will outsource
most of its processing to a tethered Android phone. Itani said the Atheer One
will simulate having a 23-inch monitor at a half-arm’s-length away. Although
the technology is said to be backward-compatible with existing Android apps,
the CEO positioned the glasses as ideal for specific tasks like 3-D
architectural/design modeling, playing videogames and keeping track of
inventory in a warehouse. The Meta Pro, on the other hand, is making a more
ambitiously broad consumer pitch. CEO Meron Gribetz said he expects “hundreds
to thousands” of apps at launch on top of the 10 the Pro will ship with, but
that one of those apps will be the device seller. That app, Meta Port, will
connect to either a dongle on the same Wi-Fi network or a bit of software
running on users’ existing phones, tablets and computers, and emulate those
devices’ displays holographically. Like Atheer’s consumer model, the Meta Pro
will be tethered to a device in your pocket, but not an Android phone. Gribetz
claimed the Meta Pro Pocket Computer is “five to 10 times more powerful than
your smartphone.” He also did a fair bit of Google Glass bashing, saying the
most well-known smart glasses are weak and lack enough apps. “They [Google]
insisted on making it sexy before it was useful,” Gribetz said. Competitor-
bashing aside, both companies seem to subscribe to the same wearables
newsletter: Smart devices like theirs, they believe, are inevitable. It’s just
a question of convincing real people that the inevitability will have solid
tangible appreciable advantages over what they use now, and that this isn’t
just an augmented reality distortion field. Tagged with: 3D, Android,
architecture, Atheer, Atheer One, cameras, developers, games, gaming, glasses,
Google, Google Glass, holographic, IndieGoGo, inventory, Iron Man,
Kickstarter, Meron Gribetz, Meta, Meta One, Meta Port, Meta Pro, Meta Pro
Pocket Computer, Minority Report, Mobile, Modeling, multitouch, phones, Smart
glasses, smartphones, Soulaiman Itani, tablets, touch, touchscreen,
videogames, warehouse, wearable computing, wearables QuizUp Creator Plain
Vanilla Games Raises Another $22 Million December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT
AllThingsD Week in Review: WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s
Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT Despite Free-to-Play Explosion,
Apple Puts Spotlight on Paid Games December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Why a Cozy
Relationship Between Valve and Oculus VR Makes Perfect Sense December 17, 2013
at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version