WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Liz Gannes and Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@inafried Recent Posts by Ina Fried D: Dive Into Mobile Adds Intel’s Bell and
Telefónica’s Domingo October 2, 2012 at 9:55 am PT Tweet Share Print There are
already many good reasons to attend the D: Dive Into Mobile conference at the
end of October. And now there are two more to add to the list. Joining the
lineup are Mike Bell, the former Apple and Palm executive who now heads
Intel’s effort to get back into the smartphone chip game; and Carlos Domingo,
head of leading international carrier Telefónica’s R&D.; The two-day
conference runs Oct. 29 and 30; other speakers include Google Android
chieftain Andy Rubin, Nokia CEO Stephen Elop and top executives from Facebook,
WhatsApp and Verizon. In addition, there will be an array of non-U.S. speakers
who will ensure that this year’s Global Edition lives up to its name. (To get
more information about attending in person, click here.) Mike Bell has a big
task ahead of him as he attempts to help Intel crack the market for smartphone
processors — a field that is today dominated by ARM-based chips from Qualcomm,
Nvidia and Texas Instruments. Intel has made some strides, landing initial
design wins at Motorola, ZTE and Lenovo, along with some lesser-known names.
Bell also brings a wealth of tech industry experience, joining Intel in 2010
from Palm, where he headed product development efforts for the webOS-based
Pixi and Pre devices. Before that, Bell was at Apple from 2001 to 2007, and
contributed to the iPhone, iMac and Apple TV projects. To get a flavor for
Bell, here’s a video interview from earlier this year: We are adding
Telefónica’s Carlos Domingo to a session with Mozilla CEO Gary Kovacs, because
the carrier will be the first major launch partner for Firefox OS. Domingo is
CEO of Telefónica I+D, the research and development unit of the Spanish telco
giant. He is intimately involved with Mozilla’s project to open up the
smartphone market to new audiences, starting in Brazil early next year. On the
eve of that launch, our conversation at Dive Into Mobile should be great
timing for Domingo to speak about the global mobile market opportunity. As he
recently noted, Telefónica currently sells three million smartphones per
quarter in its European operations, compared to two million across all of
Latin America, where it has significant operations in nearly every market.
Tagged with: Apple, Carlos Domingo, D: Dive Into Mobile, Intel, Mike Bell,
Nvidia, Palm, Qualcomm, Texas Instruments Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads
for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran
Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013
at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone
Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT D: Dive Into Mobile All D Conferences Coverage About Conference App Live
Stream Location Media Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Dive
Into Mobile (2010) Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe When you’re dying of malaria, I suppose you’ll look up
and see that balloon, and I’m not sure how it’ll help you.— Bill Gates, about
Google’s plans to float broadband transmitters over Africa in hot-air
balloons, in a Businessweek interview with Brad Stone AllThingsD by Writer
Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina
Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del
Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version