WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg The Mossberg Report Computer, Search Thyself
June 15, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print The graphical user interface
has been a success in the mass market since the Apple Macintosh debuted in
1984, and it has dominated computing since Microsoft Windows went mainstream
around 1990. Its visual display of files stored in a nested hierarchy of
folders has worked pretty well — until recently. In the past few years,
computer hard disks have become huge, and average consumers have begun to
accumulate thousands and thousands of files each year — far more than in the
past. And that is making it much harder to find any particular bit of
information buried in the old folder hierarchy. Every time you plug a digital
camera into a PC to transfer images, dozens or even hundreds of files can be
added to your PC in one fell swoop. The same thing happens when you rip CDs or
go on a photo downloading binge. Email is accumulating in staggering amounts,
and just surfing the Web can add hundreds of files — silently cached copies of
Web pages and images. So the familiar file and folder system is buckling.
Unless you’re the rare person who is meticulously organized, who creates a
perfect system of orderly folders and recognizable file names, locating
information on your own computer can be harder than finding it on the Web.
There have always been search tools built into the Apple and Microsoft
operating systems, but they were terrible — slow and inaccurate, covering only
some kinds of data, not all. So you had to rely on separate search systems
built into individual programs, such as email software. But now a wave of new
desktop search tools is becoming available, some built right into new
operating systems and others available as add-ons. Big names are getting in
the game — Apple, Microsoft, Google and Yahoo. I’ve been testing the leading
candidates and previewing some future contenders. So here’s a rundown of the
latest methods for finding all that lost or hidden information lurking on your
hard disk. Spotlight: This is the new universal, speedy search system built
into Apple’s latest operating system for the Macintosh, called Tiger. Because
it is an integral part of the operating system, which handles all files,
Spotlight knows about all the key kinds of information stored on the computer.
It can rapidly find words or phrases deep inside emails, Microsoft Office
files, address books and calendars, Adobe PDF files and more. It can even
probe the “metadata” — descriptive information — attached to song and picture
files. Spotlight is always available on the Mac, no matter what program you
are in. You just click on a blue magnifying-glass icon at the top right corner
of the screen, and a search field appears. As you type each letter of your
search term, Spotlight begins generating results in a list of files that drops
down almost instantly, organized by type of file. If you click on “Show All,”
the list expands into a larger window where you can see more results,
organized in almost any way you choose — by date, by person mentioned, by name
or location on the computer. On my Mac, I typed “Hawaii” into Spotlight and
instantly got hundreds of hits. Every email mentioning the state came up, as
did Word documents, Excel spreadsheets, the address entries of contacts who
live there, calendar entries for my vacation in Honolulu and pictures of my
trip. Spotlight even showed thumbnails of those pictures and, with one click,
presented a slide show of the images. It also found the theme song from the
old Hawaii Five-O television show in my music collection. Because Spotlight is
part of the operating system, it avoids one of the big flaws of add-on search
systems — the need to periodically “index” new files in batches, a process
that spins the hard drive continuously, sometimes for hours. Spotlight needs
to do this only once, when you first install Tiger. Longhorn: Microsoft plans
to emulate Spotlight in the next version of Windows, code-named Longhorn. But
it’s way behind Apple. Longhorn won’t reach consumers until the fall of 2006
at the earliest. Based on previews of Longhorn I’ve seen, its planned built-in
search system will also be fast and universal, and will avoid long indexing
sessions. Microsoft also plans to allow more customization of searches, and
many more instant previews of files, than Apple now provides. But these
apparent advantages may evaporate. By the time Longhorn arrives, Apple will
likely have a second, even better, version of Spotlight. Google: Until
Longhorn arrives, Windows users must rely on add-on search software, and the
best known is Google Desktop Search. It does the annoying indexing, but only
when your machine is idle. Plus, it’s fast and fairly comprehensive, including
even the contents of cached Web sites. But the familiar Google search results
page, which works so well for the Web, is very limiting for a desktop search.
And the software offers only a crude way to sort the results and no way to
preview content. Yahoo: The big online service bought a desktop search engine
from a company called X1 and re-branded it. This is a robust product, which
indexes and searches many kinds of files and previews most of them in a built-
in window. You can also take direct action on e-mails that turn up in your
search — for instance, you can launch a reply right from within the search
results. The main problem with Yahoo’s offering, in addition to the fact that
it isn’t buried deep in the operating system, is that it betrays its techie
heritage. X1 was originally built for techies and hard-core search fanatics.
Although Yahoo has cleaned it up a bit, the many choices and settings in the
user interface may be daunting to mainstream users. Also, it has much more of
the feel of a separate, heavy-duty program than the Apple or Google products.
MSN: The desktop search add-on from MSN prefigures what Longhorn will do, and
it’s very good. Like Yahoo, it offers previews of most files right in its
search results screen. And like Apple’s Spotlight, it is fast and presents a
clean, simple interface that begins generating results as you type your search
terms. The main downside to MSN’s search is that in order to get it, you have
to download and install a “toolbar suite” that lives in the Internet Explorer
Web browser and adds a bunch of functionality that’s unrelated to search,
which you might neither want nor need. Also, by default, MSN’s search product
searches only your e-mail (which must be run by Microsoft products) and the My
Documents folder. You have to tinker with settings to get it to search your
whole computer, something all its competitors do by default. The limited
search horizon cuts down on MSN’s indexing time and makes it look faster than
it really is, but it will likely cause you to get only partial search results.
There are some other good search products out there from smaller companies,
notably one called Copernic, by Copernic Technologies, which has a loyal
following of users. Whichever you choose, once you trust desktop search, you
may never again find yourself creating a subfolder. Tagged with Apple,
browser, Copernic, email, Explorer, Google, Internet, Longhorn, Mac,
Macintosh, Microsoft, MSN, Office, PC, PDF, Spotlight, Web, Windows, Yahoo Top
Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT
Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses,
One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi
December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03,
2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive
of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal
dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version