WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Tablets Sizing Up the New iPad Mini October 30, 2012 at
6:06 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » The iPad has been a true tech
phenomenon. Apple has sold 100 million of the tablets in just 2½ years, even
though many people doubted they needed a $500 device that’s in between a
smartphone and a laptop. No competing model has gained significant traction in
the market. Still, there’s been a problem with the iPad. Though it’s much
smaller than a laptop, at just 1.44 pounds, and 0.37 inch thick, it can be too
heavy to hold for long periods of time, such as when you’re using it to read
an e-book. It typically takes two hands to hold. Its 9.7-inch screen, while a
pleasure to use, makes it too large to carry without a thought in many purses.
So, on Friday, Apple is introducing a much smaller variant, the iPad Mini,
which works exactly like the original and runs all the same apps — the 275,000
tablet-optimized programs plus the rest of the over 700,000 apps available for
the iOS operating system the iPad shares with Apple’s iPhone. The iPad mini
weighs just less than 11 ounces, and is only 0.28 inch thick. That’s 53
percent lighter and 23 percent thinner than the standard iPad. It’s 5.3 inches
wide versus 7.3 inches for its larger sibling. In shrinking the iconic iPad,
Apple has pulled off an impressive feat. It has managed to create a tablet
that’s notably thinner and lighter than the leading small competitors with
7-inch screens, while squeezing in a significantly roomier 7.9-inch display.
And it has shunned the plastic construction used in its smaller rivals to
retain the iPad’s sturdier aluminum and glass body. Unlike its two top small
tablet competitors, the mini has a rear camera. And unlike the Kindle Fire HD,
it offers optional cellular data connectivity to supplement Wi-Fi. It has very
good battery life. However, there are two downsides compared with the leading
7-inch competitors, the Google Nexus 7 and the Amazon Kindle Fire HD. First,
the iPad mini starts at $329, versus $199 for its two main rivals (though the
Fire HD costs $214 without annoying ads). Second, it has a lower screen
resolution — 1024 by 768, versus 1280 by 800 for the other two. I’ve been
testing the iPad mini for several days and found it does exactly what it
promises: It brings the iPad experience to a smaller device. Every app that
ran on my larger iPad ran perfectly on the mini. I was able to use it one-
handed and hold it for long periods of time without tiring. My only complaints
were that it’s a tad too wide to fit in most of my pockets, and the screen
resolution is a big step backwards from the Retina display on the current
large iPad. But it’s about 30 percent thinner than the leading 7-inch
competitors, the Google Nexus 7 and the Amazon Kindle Fire 7. And it’s about 9
percent lighter than the Nexus and about 22 percent lighter than the Fire HD.
It’s very slightly narrower across than the Fire HD, but about 11 percent
wider than the Nexus. I found it easy to hold with one hand, though the width
might be a bit too much for some people with smaller hands. Even though the
mini is thinner and lighter than the leading 7-inch tablets, its larger screen
provides about 35 percent more room for viewing content like books and Web
pages. I found it easy to see and read material on the screen and to tap and
swipe. My only complaint was that the keyboard, in portrait mode, felt a bit
cramped, though it was fine in landscape mode. (I found that, unlike with the
big iPad, it was more common for me to hold the Mini in portrait mode.) In my
harsh battery test, where I play videos back to back with the screen set at 75
percent and the Wi-Fi on to collect email, the iPad mini exceeded Apple’s
battery life claim of 10 hours and lasted 10 hours and 27 minutes. That was
about an hour better than the Kindle Fire HD, but about 17 minutes less than
the Nexus 7. I found the cameras did a very good job. I conducted several
clear video chats using the 1.2 megapixel front camera, and the 5-megapixel
rear camera produced very good photos and videos. The stereo speakers sounded
good to my ears. So why did Apple, whose large iPad and new Macs boast
extremely high screen resolution, choose a lower resolution for the mini? The
company did so because it says there are only two resolutions that allow its
tablet apps to run unmodified. One is the extremely high resolution on the
current large iPad, which would have boosted the cost and lowered the battery
life of the mini. The other, the one Apple chose for the mini, is the same
resolution on iPad models consumers have snapped up: The original iPad and the
iPad 2, which is still on the market at $399. This makes sense, but it means
that, unlike its closest competitors, the mini can’t play video in high
definition. Apple insists the device does better than standard definition, if
you are obtaining the video from its iTunes service, since iTunes scales the
video for the device, so it will render somewhere between standard definition
and HD. It says some other services will do the same. But the lack of true HD
gives the Nexus and Fire HD an advantage for video fans. In my tests, video
looked just fine, but not as good as on the regular iPad. The cellular models,
which will start at $459, will be available in a couple of weeks. The $329
price may well tempt some budget-conscious buyers who have lusted for an iPad.
But Apple believes the lower size and weight, not the price, are the key
attractions. If you love the iPad, or want one but just found it too large or
heavy, the iPad mini is the perfect solution. Write to Walt at
mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with Apple, battery, e-reader, HD, HD Video, iOS,
iPad, iPad mini, iTunes, Siri, tablet, video, Wi-Fi Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version