WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski WebGameTV March 24, 2009 at
8:35 am PT Tweet Share Print The days of the traditional gaming console are
coming to an end–according to entrepreneur Steve Perlman, anyway. Later today,
Perlman–former principal scientist at Apple (AAPL) and the founder of
WebTV–will officially unveil OnLive, the online service with which he hopes to
upend the $46 billion world-wide videogame market. Seven years in the making,
OnLive promises to create an on-demand gaming experience that rivals those
offered by dedicated videogame consoles. It’s capable of streaming even the
most advanced, CPU-intensive games to television and computer–Macintosh or
PC–without lag or a reduction in quality. “We’re providing you with the latest
high-end titles, the exact same ones you would see at Target or Best Buy, in
the same release windows,” Perlman told USA Today. “But what is really cool is
you don’t need any high-end hardware to play them. There’s no physical media.
It’s an all-digital platform. You never need to upgrade your equipment at
home.” A compelling proposition. A potentially disruptive one too, if OnLive
is able to deliver it with the reliability and ease of use it promises. Said
IDC analyst Billy Pidgeon, “It’s a good idea and has potential, but the thing
I need reassurance on is being able to deliver this over the network. In games
there’s no wiggle room–when you press a button to fire you want to fire,” he
said. “But if it works, this could be a disruptive.” Tagged with: Apple, Best
Buy, computer, console, CPU, digital, ease of use, entertainment, gaming,
hardware, Internet, John Paczkowski, Macintosh, on demand, online service,
OnLive, PC, physical media, platform, quality, release window, reliability,
Steve Perlman, streaming, Target, television, title, USA Today, videogame,
WebTV Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30,
2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was
a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version