AllThingsD » Michael Dell http://allthingsd.com Wed, 19 Feb 2014 15:45:11
+0000 en-US hourly 1 https://wordpress.org/?v=4.3.16
http://allthingsd.com/theme/images/logo-rss.jpg All Things Digital
http://allthingsd.com/ 144 22 Dell and Red Hat Will Announce a Big Cloud-
Computing Alliance Today http://allthingsd.com/20131212/dell-and-red-hat-will-
announce-a-big-cloud-computing-alliance-today/
http://allthingsd.com/20131212/dell-and-red-hat-will-announce-a-big-cloud-
computing-alliance-today/#comments Thu, 12 Dec 2013 15:29:46 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=378404 Dell, the newly private computing company,
will later today announce an alliance with the software company Red Hat that
will become a significant piece of its cloud-computing strategy going forward.
In what one source described as the “closest relationship that Red Hat has
ever had,” Dell will announce plans to conduct deep engineering work on Red
Hat’s version of OpenStack, the open-source cloud-computing platform. In a
move similar to a broad collaboration they launched around the Linux operating
system more than a decade ago, Dell and Red Hat will cooperatively develop an
enterprise-grade version of OpenStack based on the latest version, code-named
Havana. The announcement will be made at a Dell event in Austin, Texas, later
this morning. Red Hat announced last month that OpenStack would be bundled
with its Enterprise Linux Version 6.5. The companies will describe the
relationship as “cooperative engineering,” and will announce a series of 10
different OpenStack enhancements they will release within the next 90 days.
Dell will sell hardware with Red Hat’s OpenStack installed, in what’s being
described as a typical OEM arrangement, but the relationship will be deeper
than that, sources tell AllThingsD. Dell’s services unit will essentially
handle service and support efforts for Red Hat’s OpenStack product, even in
instances where the customer is not using Dell hardware. Another key aspect of
the plan includes giving OpenStack the ability to work more flexibly with a
myriad of public cloud services, including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud
Platform, and Microsoft Windows Azure. Rather that build or buy a public cloud
service of its own, as rivals Hewlett-Packard and IBM have done, Dell will aim
to help customers build their own private clouds based on OpenStack that have
the ability to flexibly interact with outside services in “bursts.” The
relationship hearkens back more than a decade to when Dell and Red Hat
collaborated closely on the open-source Linux operating system. Red Hat’s
implementation of Linux is now generally considered the gold standard for
enterprise computing environments. As one source put it: “Red Hat wants to be
the arms merchant of choice for OpenStack.” Industry support has in the last
year coalesced significantly around OpenStack. IBM threw its weight behind it
in March. HP was an earlier supporter. Even Oracle has jumped on the bandwagon
by joining the OpenStack foundation two days ago. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20131212/dell-and-red-hat-will-announce-a-big-cloud-
computing-alliance-today/feed/ 0 Dell Investors Line Up For Court Appraisal
http://allthingsd.com/20131127/dell-investors-line-up-for-court-appraisal/
http://allthingsd.com/20131127/dell-investors-line-up-for-court-
appraisal/#comments Wed, 27 Nov 2013 22:15:14 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=375576 Investors with claims on more than 47.5
million Dell Inc. shares have reserved the right to ask a judge to award them
more than the buyout price, in the latest example of investors trying to use
the courts to nab a better outcome in a deal. The investors, named in a filing
by Dell this week in Delaware court, in September voted against the company’s
sale to Michael Dell and private-equity firm Silver Lake Partners, and sent a
letter to the company preserving their right to seek so-called appraisal of
their shares. Most have not yet actually done so. Read the rest of this post
on the original site » ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131127/dell-investors-line-
up-for-court-appraisal/feed/ 0 Dell Loses Its First Senior Executive Since the
Buyout http://allthingsd.com/20131115/dell-just-lost-its-first-senior-
executive-since-the-buyout/ http://allthingsd.com/20131115/dell-just-lost-its-
first-senior-executive-since-the-buyout/#comments Fri, 15 Nov 2013 23:16:34
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=373076 Now that computing company Dell has
completed its $25 billion leveraged buyout, the first member of the company’s
senior executive team is headed for the door. Sources familiar with the matter
have confirmed to AllThingsD that Steve Felice, a Dell president and its chief
commercial officer, will be leaving the company. His final day at Dell’s Round
Rock, Texas, headquarters will be in early December. Felice has taken a job as
Chairman and CEO of Filtration Group, a Chicago-based privately held company
that makes industrial air and water filtration equipment. The announcement was
made in an internal memo to Dell employees, but hasn’t been made public yet.
He’ll start at his new job on Jan. 6. I’m told Felice has a professional
bucket list and one of the things on it is to be CEO of a big company. So he’s
leaving under his own steam. I haven’t seen the internal memo yet, but I’m
told it contains some quotes from CEO Michael Dell about how Felice was an
important member of the executive team. Felice is a serious Dell veteran. He
joined the company back in 1999 when the PC business was humming and Dell was
the company giving the entire industry competitive fits. I interviewed him
last year, a few months before the whole buyout saga began. Felice had been
vice president and then later president of Dell’s consumer, small and medium
business group, and at one time also led its operations in Asia. He joined
Dell from DecisionOne, a computer support services vendor, where he had been
CEO. He was a VP at Bell Atlantic (now Verizon) and also worked at Shell Oil.
It’s not uncommon for executives to leave a company after a buyout transition
like the one Dell just went through. Several members of the executive team,
though, such as enterprise head Marius Haas and software chief John Swainson,
are pretty new and are unlikely to be going anywhere soon. Update: I just got
this statement from Dell. As Dell begins a new chapter as a private company,
Steve made a personal decision to take on the new challenge of leading a
company as CEO. Michael Dell said that Steve’s “counsel, vision and insight
will definitely be missed by me and the entire leadership team, and I will
always be grateful for his contributions.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20131115/dell-just-lost-its-first-senior-executive-
since-the-buyout/feed/ 0 HP Rises on a Day Full of Unusually Good News
http://allthingsd.com/20131101/hp-rises-on-a-day-full-of-unusually-good-news/
http://allthingsd.com/20131101/hp-rises-on-a-day-full-of-unusually-good-
news/#comments Fri, 01 Nov 2013 18:57:39 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=369855
Shares of computing giant Hewlett-Packard are rising on a fair bit of
unusually good news for a company that has seemed stuck in an endless
turnaround. In late-afternoon trading, HP shares were up by $1.18, or almost
five percent. If that holds to the close, it would be the biggest improvement
in HP shares since Oct. 8, when they rose nine percent. So what’s driving the
boost today? First, HP has won a $3.5 billion five-year deal to run the
communications network for the U.S. Navy. The contract had been challenged by
Harris Corp., which lost out on the deal. The Government Accountability Office
said without elaborating that it had denied part of Harris’ challenge, and
also dismissed part of it. Update: A few colorful details have since emerged
regarding the nature of Harris’s complaint against HP’s winning that Navy
contract. The GAO released a redacted version of its decision earlier today.
The chief complaint was on pricing: Harris said that if the Navy had really
done its homework, it would have concluded that HP’s price was “unreasonably
low.” Never mind that the Navy found pricing problems with different aspects
of all the initial bids (some bits were thought to be too high, some too low)
and forced them all to revise their proposals. The more colorful bit is that
Harris complained that a naval officer leading the project was found to have
what’s being described as an “adulterous relationship” with an executive of
defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton, which had been tapped to help the Navy
select which company was going to build and operate its network. The Navy,
Harris argued, “failed to investigate whether [the Navy program manager’s]
behavior had impacted the integrity of the procurement,” in such a way that it
might have benefitted HP. The Naval officer in the case, Capt. Shawn
Hendricks, according to this report in The Navy Times, “torpedoed his career,”
over the affair, and the woman, who has not been named, lost her job. The GAO
said Harris failed to draw a logical connection between one and the other. Who
knew these government contract procedures were so juicy? (You can read the
GAO’s decision on all this below.) Anyway, the second bit of good news is in a
sector that has seen nothing but bad news in recent months and years.
According to a report in CRN citing preliminary market data, HP appears to
have reversed an eight-quarter slide in its share of servers sold. That’s
interesting for two reasons. First, it was only five months ago that HP rival
Dell, citing similar preliminary market data, was bragging about how its gains
over HP were “staggering.” Dell has since taken an especially aggressive
posture, slashing prices in an attempt to give HP and everyone else headaches
in the market. In response, HP CEO Meg Whitman has been rallying the troops
and pushing for a response to Dell. During a conference call last month she
insisted that HP has to “execute better,” and if the data is to be believed,
it may be paying off. Remember also that the unit that sells servers — the
beefy $30 billion business unit — just saw a big management shake-up when its
head, Dave Donatelli, was reassigned to a still-unspecified role within the
company. Former COO Bill Veghte took over the unit, though it’s hard to easily
attribute such a sudden change to a management shift. More likely: HP stepped
up with its own aggressive behavior while Dell was focused on its $25 billion
leveraged buyout. Now that that transaction is wrapped up, Dell may not be so
vulnerable. Next quarter’s data will give a strong hint. And while today may
look like an unusually good day for HP, it’s also turning out, at least for
its investors, to be a good year. If you bought HP shares early in 2013, you
have your own reasons to be happy: The shares are up more than 74 percent this
year. GAO-Harris complaint.pdf ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131101/hp-rises-on-
a-day-full-of-unusually-good-news/feed/ 0 Today Is Dell's Last Day as a Public
Company http://allthingsd.com/20131029/today-is-dells-last-day-as-a-public-
company/ http://allthingsd.com/20131029/today-is-dells-last-day-as-a-public-
company/#comments Tue, 29 Oct 2013 16:11:04 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=368997 Say good-bye to DELL. Not the company, Dell
Inc., but the ticker symbol. Today, the company announced the formal closing
of its $25 billion go-private transaction. Dell shares will cease trading on
the Nasdaq exchange after the close of business today in New York. As part of
the deal, shareholders will get a 13-cent-per-share dividend payment that was
formally authorized by the board of directors, plus $13.75 for each share they
own. The company will now have only two shareholders: Founder and CEO Michael
Dell, and private equity firm Silver Lake. The deal had been contested in a
drawn-out fight with activist investor Carl Icahn, who argued that the
transaction undervalued Dell. Ultimately, Icahn backed down after shareholders
approved the deal on Sept. 12. This marks the end of an era for a company that
once personified the early days of the personal computer industry, and the
close of a 25-year run as a publicly traded company, including 17 years on the
closely watched Standard & Poor’s 500 index. Now, rivals like Hewlett-Packard,
Acer and Asus will be forced to contend with a more aggressive Dell, one
willing to fight for every scrap of market share and accept a thinner profit
margin without the worry of meeting the growth expectations of public
shareholders. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131029/today-is-dells-last-day-as-a-
public-company/feed/ 0 Look Who's Taking Dell's Spot on the S&P; 500
http://allthingsd.com/20131022/look-whos-taking-dells-spot-on-the-sp-500/
http://allthingsd.com/20131022/look-whos-taking-dells-spot-on-the-
sp-500/#comments Tue, 22 Oct 2013 19:11:35 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=367279 Now that computing giant Dell is days away
from closing the $25 billion deal that will lead to its becoming a privately
held company, there’s some change coming to the various stock indices of which
it has been a member for several years. The big change is to the closely
watched Standard & Poor’s 500. Dell shares will drop off that index after the
close of trading on Oct. 28, and will be replaced by shares of the Swiss oil-
drilling company Transocean. That’s the company that owned and operated the
Deepwater Horizon oil rig that exploded and caused the huge oil spill in the
Gulf of Mexico in 2010. The announcement from the S&P; Dow Jones unit of the
McGraw-Hill Companies doesn’t mention how long Dell has been a component of
the index, so I did some digging through the archives and found an old story
from Dow Jones Newswires covering its ascension to the benchmark index. Here’s
what I found: Dell joined the S&P; 500 about 17 years ago, on Sept. 5, 1996.
It replaced Varity Corp., a farm-equipment company that had been bought out in
a merger. Dell had already been a member of the S&P; MidCap 400, and when it
left that index, it was replaced by PMI Group, a mortgage insurance company.
Dell is in the process of being bought out by its founder and CEO, Michael
Dell, and private equity firm Silver Lake Partners. The deal was approved by
shareholders last month, after a prolonged fight with activist investor Carl
Icahn for control of the company. Dell’s leaving the index is perhaps another
sign of the times and the shifting priorities in personal technology. Earlier
this year, chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices was deleted from the S&P; 500\.
And before that, Dell rival Hewlett-Packard was bumped off the list of 30
stocks that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average. HP, however, remains on
the S&P; 500\. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131022/look-whos-taking-dells-spot-
on-the-sp-500/feed/ 0 Dell's Days as a Public Company Will End With a 13-Cent
Dividend Payment http://allthingsd.com/20131018/dells-days-as-a-public-
company-will-end-with-a-13-cent-dividend-payment/
http://allthingsd.com/20131018/dells-days-as-a-public-company-will-end-
with-a-13-cent-dividend-payment/#comments Fri, 18 Oct 2013 22:55:53 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=366767 Computing giant Dell is running up against the
last few days of its existence as a public company. Soon to be privately held
as the result of a $25 billion buyout approved last month by shareholders,
Dell said today that one of its last official acts before delisting its shares
on the Nasdaq will be to pay shareholders a special dividend of 13 cents. CEO
Michael Dell, who, along with private equity firm Silver Lake, is buying out
the company he founded in his college dorm room in the 1980s, agreed to add
the special dividend on Aug. 2, as the result of a drawn-out wrangle for
control of the company with activist investor Carl Icahn. The deal is expected
to close before Nov. 1, which is two weeks from today. Once it does, the
dividend will be paid, and the shares will formally cease trading. One piece
of business that will follow: The board of directors will shrink from 10
members to three. According to a Bloomberg report and since independently
confirmed by AllThingsD, the new board will be comprised of CEO Michael Dell,
along with Egon Durban and Simon Patterson, both managing directors at Silver
Lake. At this, let’s look back on Dell’s history as a publicly traded company.
While it has had a lot of challenges in its recent past, it’s worth
remembering what a wealth-generating machine Dell has been since its 1988 IPO.
Have a look at this Google finance chart. Over its 25 years and change of
trading as a public company, Dell shares have risen by more than 13,000
percent versus a 900 percent return for the Nasdaq over the same period. Given
the longest possible view, it has been an impressive run. (Click to make
bigger.) ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131018/dells-days-as-a-public-company-
will-end-with-a-13-cent-dividend-payment/feed/ 0 Carl Icahn Backs Down From
Legal Challenge to Dell Buyout http://allthingsd.com/20131004/carl-icahn-
backs-down-from-legal-challenge-to-dell-buyout/
http://allthingsd.com/20131004/carl-icahn-backs-down-from-legal-challenge-to-
dell-buyout/#comments Fri, 04 Oct 2013 16:16:39 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=363109 Activist investor Carl Icahn appeared to stand
down from that last lingering card he had earlier promised to play in his long
campaign to defeat the $25 billion buyout of computing giant Dell. In a
statement on Twitter — which is his new favorite thing — Icahn said he was
withdrawing his lawsuit in a Delaware court seeking to have a judge appraise
the value of the company. Icahn had hoped to use a provision in Delaware law —
where Dell and most other companies in the U.S. are incorporated — that allows
shareholders who oppose a transaction to ask a judge to appraise the value of
the shares, in order to squeeze a better buyout price out of Michael Dell and
the private equity firm Silver Lake. Dell and Silver Lake will be the
company’s only two shareholders once the deal to go private closes, which is
expected later this month. At the time, Icahn liked the idea so much that he
urged other shareholders to stand with him and exercise their own appraisal
rights, too. He even called the idea a “no-brainer.” For many reasons, it
wasn’t. Anyway, this appears to be the end of this drama between Icahn and
Michael Dell over control of the company. For a time, it seemed that Icahn had
a shot of winning the whole thing because of a weird fluke in the voting rules
that was changed late in the process. After that change, Icahn ended his
campaign to prevail in a shareholder vote. Shareholders approved it on Sept.
12, and nearly 70 percent of them voted in favor. So, that’s that. I withdrew
my demand for appraisal of my Dell shares. Based on our returns on capital, we
believe we have better uses for $2 billion. — Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn)
October 4, 2013 ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131004/carl-icahn-backs-down-from-
legal-challenge-to-dell-buyout/feed/ 0 Regulators Clear Dell's $25 Billion
Buyout http://allthingsd.com/20131001/regulators-clear-dells-25-billion-
buyout/ http://allthingsd.com/20131001/regulators-clear-dells-25-billion-
buyout/#comments Tue, 01 Oct 2013 17:25:11 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=362178 Computing company Dell said today that it had
cleared all the regulatory hurdles necessary to complete the transaction to go
private. Shareholders approved the move to sell the company to CEO Michael
Dell and private equity firm Silver Lake for $24.9 billion. The transaction
had been bitterly contested by several shareholders, most notably activist
investor Carl Icahn. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131001/regulators-clear-
dells-25-billion-buyout/feed/ 0 Why Larry Ellison and Michael Dell Are Now the
Best of Friends http://allthingsd.com/20130925/why-larry-ellison-and-michael-
dell-are-now-the-best-of-friends/ http://allthingsd.com/20130925/why-larry-
ellison-and-michael-dell-are-now-the-best-of-friends/#comments Wed, 25 Sep
2013 21:22:35 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=360943 Keep a close eye on the
brewing relationship between the software giant Oracle and computing concern
Dell. While today the companies announced a series of seemingly innocuous
plans to more tightly integrate their enterprise management capabilities,
what’s really going on is a deepening of an important strategic partnership
between them. That’s the conclusion drawn in a research paper from Moor
Insights and Strategy, a research firm headed up by Patrick Moorhead, a former
executive with chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices. Four years after Oracle
closed on its acquisition of Sun Microsystems, the company has sought to
compete in the business of specialized hardware based on the old SPARC chip
architecture that goes up against IBM Power-based systems. But Sun also had a
fledging commodity server business using Intel’s x86 chips. CEO Larry Ellison
has said numerous times he wasn’t interested in boosting Oracle’s share of the
x86 service business, in part because he doesn’t see it as terribly
profitable. In a world where x86 servers are the basis for most of the world’s
data centers, Oracle’s SPARC-based hardware gets all the attention, while its
x86 business has languished. “First, since their Sun acquisition they have
focused their hardware sales resources on promoting their SPARC-based systems
and, as is becoming apparent, they have also focused their hardware R&D;
resources on SPARC technology and system development,” writes Paul Teich, a
Moor Insights analyst and the paper’s primary author. Without a credible x86
business, Dell is quickly becoming the conduit through which Oracle reaches
that market. Dell has already been named Oracle’s “preferred x86 vendor,”
while Dell has been reselling Oracle’s Linux and other software and services
to its hardware client base. Dell and Oracle each have access to customers and
technology that the other needs. “We believe that Dell needs a better software
and services play to increase their enterprise IT share of wallet and credibly
challenge Hewlett-Packard at classic enterprise IT accounts,” Teich argues.
“The agreements give Dell some core enterprise IT database goodness and access
to Oracle’s impressive enterprise accounts, and reciprocally they give Oracle
access to proven high volume hyperscale infrastructure, which enables
conversations with a smaller number of very high volume hyperscale customers.”
Over time, CIOs will start thinking of Dell and Oracle at the same time. Buy
from Dell and get access to Oracle, with a single point of contact, and
increase the pressure on their joint rival HP in the process. “We think that
today’s announcements are the beginning of a beautiful friendship.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130925/why-larry-ellison-and-michael-dell-are-now-the-
best-of-friends/feed/ 0 Many Questions for Michael Dell on Going Private, and
What's Next http://allthingsd.com/20130924/many-questions-for-michael-dell-on-
going-private-and-whats-next/ http://allthingsd.com/20130924/many-questions-
for-michael-dell-on-going-private-and-whats-next/#comments Wed, 25 Sep 2013
04:00:40 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=360679 Asa Mathat | D: All Things
Digital Michael Dell is feeling aggressive. Fresh off the vote by which
shareholders approved his plan to take the company that bears his name private
in a $25 billion transaction, Dell the man is ready to get down to the
business of running Dell the company in a manner not possible since its
earliest days. Once the buyout transaction closes, the only three
constituencies Michael Dell will have to answer to as CEO of Dell Inc. are
himself, his partner at the private equity firm Silver Lake, and his
customers. And it’s clear that he’s eager to get busy. The way he sees it, the
opportunity has never been bigger. Ask him skeptically about the personal
computer industry — which his company once personified — being down in the
dumps, and he’s quick to pivot toward talking about the multitrillion-dollar
market for global IT. PCs are just part of that picture and, while still a key
piece of Dell’s foundation, the meatier part of the business he intends to
build is in supplying large companies with a full slate of products and
services that will help them get things done. Aside from not having to meet
the expectations of shareholders, he’s also looking forward to thinking about
the business in a longer-term fashion. The quarterly practice of buying back
shares and paying dividends intended to satisfy impatient shareholders will be
replaced by investments in every facet of Dell’s business. And, while there
will be payments on the new debt the company is taking on, it won’t be nearly
as big as those quarterly dividends and buybacks. I met him in his San
Francisco hotel Tuesday afternoon, ahead of his Wednesday keynote speech at
Oracle OpenWorld, the massive IT industry event hosted by the software giant
Oracle, which just happens to be a significant Dell partner. I started by
asking him for a preview of what he expects to talk about. AllThingsD: You’re
here in San Francisco to speak at Oracle OpenWorld. Let’s start with that. Can
you give a preview of what you’re going to talk about? Michael Dell:: There
will be a deeper integration with Oracle on enterprise management. Oracle has
previously said that Dell is its preferred partner on industry-standard x86
hardware. We’ve done a lot of engineering work together, so our x86 [Intel]
platforms are totally integrated with their enterprise-management console, so
they’re easy to get them working together. It’s the first time we’ve ever done
anything like that. So, we’ll talk about that. … I’ll talk about our
continuing progress on services, and why we’re going private. This is my 10th
time speaking at Oracle OpenWorld; I think the only one who’s been on the
stage more than I have is Larry Ellison. So, you’ve just won the approval from
shareholders to take Dell private. First off, when do you think your last day
as a public company will be? We expect the transaction will close by the end
of our third quarter, which is at the end of October. Then let’s look ahead.
What does the new Dell look like six months or a year from now? You only have
to answer to yourself, Silver Lake, and your customers now. We’ll be very
focused on our customers. The strategy that we outlined back in February is
the same one that we have now. We’re very focused on building our end-to-end
solutions capability. Last quarter, the enterprise servers, storage, services,
security part of Dell grew nine percent. We’re going to keep building those
capabilities with R&D; and acquisitions and investment, and where we need
partnerships. I spent part of today talking with customers in the health-care
space. We have a leading position in health-care IT. We’ll build out vertical
expertise like that. We have a security business that’s now worth about a
billion dollars. We’ll keep building out the solutions. Secondly, we’ll build
out our sales force and channel partnerships. There’s a lot of customers we
haven’t reached yet. Geographically or demographically? Both. We see a lot of
growth in small to mid-sized customers. We build solutions that can scale to
meet the needs of the largest companies in the world, but which are easily
adoptable by small and medium-sized companies that are too big to go to a
retail store to get their IT, but too small to get the attention of the direct
sales forces of typical IT companies. … We’re also really active in emerging
markets. We’ve been active in all the obvious ones. But we’re also really
active in the outer reaches of the emerging market. We have a billion-dollar
business in Africa that is growing rapidly. We’re also active in southern
Asia. We’re expanding our pro support for mission-critical services into
countries like Ghana and Kazakhstan, and Ivory Coast and Croatia and Nigeria.
All these countries have governments and telcos, financial and energy
companies, all of which need serious mission-critical IT. Half our business
today is outside the U.S. The next piece is the personal computer … Let’s
drill down on that a bit, because you know as well as I do that this has been
the worst PC market, globally speaking, since records have been kept. You’re
still pretty well exposed to PCs, but the market is declining. What about
that? You’ve seen more PC business cycles than anyone in the industry. When do
you think it’s going to level off? There are many different kinds of PCs. You
have fixed, virtual, tablets, notebooks, Ultrabooks, desktops, workstations.
What you find in commercial PCs, business PCs, is that there’s a really long
tail of usage on client devices. Absolutely, there is growth in other kinds of
mobile devices. The way to think about this is like forms of transportation.
You have all different ways to get where you’re going. You can walk, you can
ride a bike, or drive a car, or ride on a submarine. Because you get one
doesn’t mean you get rid of the other one. Just because I ride a bicycle
doesn’t mean I also don’t sometimes need an airplane. Computing shows up in
many different ways. You have computing that you wear, computing that you
carry. What you think of as the traditional PC market has a long tail of
usage, particularly in the commercial world, but also in consumer. You’ll see
another significant wave of tablets from us in the coming weeks. You’ve also
said you need to make some investments. You’ve talked about acquisitions,
research and development, and other things. What do you have in mind? That’s
investments that we’re making in our business to make it easier for customers
to do business with us. We’ll be accelerating investments that as a private
company we’ll be perfectly comfortable making. Because we think they’ll yield
good returns over the long and medium term. We feel great about our capital
structure. A lot of people expect that after a few years you’ll want to come
back to the public markets, maybe several years down the road. Do you see that
happening? We haven’t even gotten this one taken private yet. It’s way too
soon to think about that. Don’t you think it’s a little early? [At this, he
laughs.] Right now, it’s great to be able to focus on our customers. We have
good cash flows. The interest payments will be less than the annual expense
that we had been paying for share repurchase and dividends. We like the
opportunity to invest in R&D;, in our own growth, hire more salespeople, and
think about the business in a three-, five- and seven-year time frame. So,
let’s talk about the competitive landscape. How does Dell stack up against,
say, Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo, IBM and all the others? If you check the latest
IDC information, we keep gaining, not just in one category, but in several.
For the first time since 2007, we’re No. 1 in displays again. We’ve been the
only guys gaining share sequentially in PCs for the last two quarters. In
servers, we’ve been seeing really dramatic gains, while the other guys have
seen equally dramatic declines. You seem like you feel aggressive again. We
know you’re going to be aggressive on pricing. That’s a good bet. We’ve always
been. If you look at our product introductions, we’ve been doing a great job
staying out front in terms of new releases. Products are getting stronger.
We’ve been gaining share, and we’ll absolutely stay aggressive. We want to get
in front of a lot of new customers, and build a lot of new customer
relationships. Is the PC still the beachhead on which you build those
relationships, or is it more complex than that? It’s not quite so simple. In
many cases, it’s the server. In some cases, it’s the PC. Those are clearly
foundational businesses for Dell. But we also have several vertical
disciplines and a capacity to meet some of the big unmet needs that big
companies have. Some examples include insurance or health care. The challenge
that we observed several years ago, and why we went into building our service
capabilities, was that we’d show up at the customer’s door with PCs and
servers without really knowing anything about their specific problems. You
have to have more expertise. Security is one of these things that is a big
problem, especially in financial service. That has enabled us to solve some of
the biggest problems that banks have, and that gives us an opportunity to
provide more things. That keeps the enterprise portion of the business
growing. You did a lot of acquisitions before the buyout transaction; some
were pretty big, others smaller. What do you think your deal pace will be like
once you’re private? We’re in pretty good shape. There’s not big areas where
we’re missing things. We feel pretty good about the portfolio that we have.
You’ll see us do things from time to time. There aren’t any huge deals that we
need to go do. An important thing to remember is that partnerships and
alliances are a pretty important part of all this, as well. You don’t have to
own everything to be effective. What does the growth in the software-as-a-
service companies like Salesforce.com and Workday, and others like them, mean
for Dell? Pretty much every software application I can think of is now
available in the cloud, which means the companies that run them aren’t buying
servers from companies like yours. But those SaaS companies are buying them.
They’re great customers. And then we have services like Boomi that helps their
customers integrate their SaaS applications like Salesforce with their on-
premise applications. Whenever there are changes in the computing model, and
as costs come down, there are new uses that pop up. The net of it all is that
the consumption of IT power continues to grow at a very rapid rate. Our server
and data-center business both continue to grow in spite of all the shifts to
the cloud. They seem to widen the usage pattern for IT in general. One
workload may move from one place to another, but at the same time, a lot of
other workloads were created in the process. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130924/many-questions-for-michael-dell-on-going-
private-and-whats-next/feed/ 0 Nearly 70 Percent of Dell Shareholders Voted to
Go Private http://allthingsd.com/20130918/nearly-70-percent-of-dell-
shareholders-voted-to-go-private/
http://allthingsd.com/20130918/nearly-70-percent-of-dell-shareholders-voted-
to-go-private/#comments Wed, 18 Sep 2013 21:39:13 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=359381 The vote in favor of taking Dell private in a
$25 billion leveraged buyout wasn’t terribly close, a new filing with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission shows. In the final tally, nearly 70
percent of shareholders voted in favor of the plan to take Dell private, in a
process that is expected to be completed later this year. The tally also
showed that it was approved by a majority, or 50.5 percent of people not
associated with Dell or any related entities. Michael Dell, the company’s
largest shareholder, was excluded from voting under terms of the go-shop
process set up by the board of directors. That meant that in total, a majority
of shareholders amounting to 43 percent had to vote in favor. Here’s the
language from the SEC filing below. It’s not clear if this is really the end
of the process, as activist investor Carl Icahn has promised to pursue
appraisal rights in Delaware Courts in an attempt to ask a judge to determine
the company’s real value. That probably won’t scotch the deal, but could drag
the last fading bits of drama relating to this transaction out just a little
bit longer. After opposing the plan for months, Icahn stopped trying to get
control of the company for himself on Sept. 9. Either way, he made a tidy $70
million profit for his trouble. Here’s the original language from Dell’s 8-K
filing. On September 12, 2013, Dell Inc. (the “Company”) held a Special
Meeting of Stockholders, at which holders of the Company’s common stock voted
on proposals to (1) adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
February 5, 2013, as amended as of August 2, 2013, as it may be further
amended from time to time (as so amended, the “Amended Merger Agreement”), by
and among Denali Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Denali
Intermediate Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent (“Intermediate”), Denali Acquiror Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of Intermediate (“Merger Sub” and, together with
Parent and Intermediate, the “Parent Parties”), and the Company, pursuant to
which (and subject to the conditions set forth therein) Merger Sub would merge
with and into the Company (the “Merger”), with the Company surviving the
Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent, and (2) approve, on an advisory
(non-binding) basis, the compensation that may become payable to the named
executive officers of the Company in connection with the Merger. The final
vote tally, as certified by IVS Associates, Inc., the inspector of election
for the Special Meeting, shows that the proposal to adopt the Amended Merger
Agreement was approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of the Company’s common stock entitled to vote thereon, as required by
Delaware law. In addition, the final tally shows that the proposal to adopt
the Amended Merger Agreement was approved by the holders of a majority of the
shares of the Company’s common stock held by stockholders voting for or
against the proposal to adopt the Amended Merger Agreement, excluding shares
held by the Parent Parties, Michael S. Dell and certain of Mr. Dell’s related
family trusts, any other officers and directors of the Company or any other
person having any equity interest in, or any right to acquire any equity
interest in, Merger Sub or any person of which Merger Sub is a direct or
indirect subsidiary, as separately required under the Amended Merger
Agreement. The final vote tally also shows that the proposal to approve, on an
advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may become payable to the
named executive officers of the Company in connection with the Merger was
approved. The final voting results on the proposals were as follows: Proposal
One: To adopt the Amended Merger Agreement: The total number of shares of the
Company’s common stock entitled to vote on Proposal One were voted as follows:
For: 1,013,326,409 Against: 399,608,525 Abstentions: 39,610,350 Broker Non-
Votes: 0 The total number of shares of the Company’s common stock held by
stockholders voting for or against Proposal One, excluding shares held by the
Parent Parties, Michael S. Dell and certain of Mr. Dell’s related family
trusts, any other officers and directors of the Company or any other person
having any equity interest in, or any right to acquire any equity interest in,
Merger Sub or any person of which Merger Sub is a direct or indirect
subsidiary, were voted as follows: For: 733,998,074 Against: 399,608,525 ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130918/nearly-70-percent-of-dell-shareholders-voted-
to-go-private/feed/ 0 Michael Dell Says He's Not Taking Company Back Into the
Phone Business http://allthingsd.com/20130913/michael-dell-says-not-taking-
company-back-into-the-phone-business/ http://allthingsd.com/20130913/michael-
dell-says-not-taking-company-back-into-the-phone-business/#comments Fri, 13
Sep 2013 17:32:35 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=358129 Michael Dell has lots
of plans for his soon-to-be-privately-held company. But getting back into the
mobile phone business is apparently not on the list. “We’re not getting in the
mobile phone business,” Dell said in an interview with CNBC on Friday.
Instead, Dell said, the company will look to benefit from the mobile market in
other ways. “Every time a new mobile company gets born, they need servers and
infrastructure and storage,” Dell told CNBC. “Companies need to protect and
secure their data on these mobile devices.” For those who have forgotten, Dell
made several stabs into the phone market with both Android and Windows Phone
products before stepping to the sidelines. Heck, the company was arguably a
pioneer of the phablet, introducing the five-inch Dell Streak way back in 2010
at our D8 conference (and then discontinuing it in 2011). None of those
efforts won much love from either carriers or customers, though, and Dell
hasn’t been making phones for some time. Dell said the company would focus on
other areas, particularly business products and services, as well as products
for emerging markets. Tablets will be a piece of Dell’s business, he said. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130913/michael-dell-says-not-taking-company-back-into-
the-phone-business/feed/ 0 With Its Buyout Battle Won, What's Next for Dell?
http://allthingsd.com/20130912/with-its-buyout-battle-won-whats-next-for-dell/
http://allthingsd.com/20130912/with-its-buyout-battle-won-whats-next-for-
dell/#comments Thu, 12 Sep 2013 20:51:36 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=357941
Asa Mathat | D: All Things DigitalMichael Dell and the private equity firm
Silver Lake today walked away with their prize, the computing company Dell,
having won the approval from a significant majority of shareholders to take
the company private in a $25 billion leveraged buyout. Success for Dell as a
private company — which it will be within a few months — is by no means
assured. Simply put, the plan calls for Dell to double down on investments in
research and development and acquisitions that will be intended to expand its
reach into enterprise-focused businesses including software, services and
cloud computing. The personal computer business — both consumer and business-
focused — which accounts for most of Dell’s revenue will become less of a
focus. These are investments that Dell the company couldn’t make while still
meeting the quarterly growth targets that public shareholders expect and
demand. As Michael Dell put it on a conference call with analysts today after
news of the shareholder vote was released: “… Under a new, private company
structure, we’ll have the flexibility to accelerate our strategy and pursue
organic and inorganic investment — without the scrutiny, quarterly targets and
other limitations of operating as a public company.” Dell hearkened back to
his past, saying “we plan to go back to our roots,” with a more nimble
operating model driven by what he called “the entrepreneurial spirit that made
Dell one of the fastest-growing, most successful companies in history.” He
outlined a five-part strategy to make it happen: Aside from boosting R&D;
spending, Dell will seek to boost its sales reach by going after emerging
markets and expanding its relationships with resellers. (At least part of that
strategy has been shared with analysts already.) There will also be new
investments in PCs and tablets, he said. Even though the PC market has slowed
down at a rate not seen in its history so far, Dell said continued
participation in those markets will be “critical to our financial and cash
flow models.” In a way, Dell is facing a problem similar to that of its rival
Hewlett-Packard: It needs the PC business in order to fuel its expansion into
other areas. Two years ago, when that company contemplated spinning off its
personal computer business, it was in order to grow its presence in
enterprise, software and services. When Meg Whitman became CEO, she reversed
the decision, arguing that the PC business gave the company sufficient scale
to negotiate effectively with suppliers, and that it also helped cash flow. So
what will success at the new Dell look like? Without the ability to review
financial results, it will be hard to judge. But for a hint of how the new
Dell will behave, look back to May, when in a series of interviews Michael
Dell shared early results of an analyst report showing that the company had
taken server business away from HP. When business is humming, expect Dell
execs to take an aggressive stance and publicly poke its rivals at every turn.
Expect more acquisitions, though perhaps not at the size nor at the velocity
seen in recent years. Dell has bought 20 companies in about four years, and
made $5 billion worth of deals in the last year or so. CFO Brian Gladden said
on a conference call today that the kind of deals anticipated will be “more
complementary” to deals already done. The company is, as Gladden said today,
“still digesting” some of its larger recent acquisitions. Among those are Wyse
Technology, Quest Software and Compellent. At least one reason for that is the
debt the company is taking on to carry out the buyout in the first place.
Gladden said on the conference call that the company will have “less than $20
billion” in debt after the close of the buyout, and that it will cost about
$1.2 billion a year to service that debt. Standard & Poor’s yesterday slashed
Dell’s corporate debt rating to BB- from BBB yesterday on worries that its
more heavily leveraged capital structure will hold it back. Gladden seemed
unworried by the amount of debt the company is taking on and described the
buyout as “not an overly leveraged transaction.” He said the company could
have taken on more debt, but opted not to. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130912/with-its-buyout-battle-won-whats-next-for-
dell/feed/ 0 Dell Shareholders Approve $25 Billion Buyout to Go Private
http://allthingsd.com/20130912/dell-shareholders-approve-25-billion-buyout-to-
go-private/ http://allthingsd.com/20130912/dell-shareholders-
approve-25-billion-buyout-to-go-private/#comments Thu, 12 Sep 2013 14:15:29
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=357759 Michael Dell and the private equity firm
Silver Lake have prevailed in their 14-month effort to convince shareholders
in the computing company Dell to take the company private in a leveraged
buyout. The result of a shareholder vote was announced moments ago at a
special meeting of shareholders in Round Rock, Texas. The final vote tallies
haven’t been released yet, but CNBC, citing sources familiar with the result,
have pegged the vote in favor at 65 percent to 35 percent. A final tally will
be read out a little later, as the meeting is still under way. The final
buyout price is $13.75 per share, and includes a 13 cent per share special
dividend, for a total price of $13.88, or $24.9 billion. The deal also
guarantees an eight cent per share quarterly dividend when Dell next reports
earnings, in November. The vote brings to an apparent close a rancorous
process during which numerous Dell shareholders lined up to oppose Dell and
Silver Lake. The process began in June of 2012, when the investment firm
Southeastern Asset Management, a longtime Dell investor and until recently its
No. 2 shareholder, first contacted Michael Dell about the possibility of going
private. Dell held his first conversations with people from Silver Lake at a
technology industry conference in Aspen, Colo., the following month.
Ironically, Southeastern became one of the leading voices in opposition to the
transaction that ultimately emerged. Soon, the activist investor Carl Icahn
had picked up the torch, and bought out much of Southeastern’s stake, and
became Dell’s No. 2 investor, after Michael Dell himself. Icahn and
Southeastern proposed their own alternative transaction, which they described
as a structured recapitalization. Under their plan, they would have bought up
72 percent of Dell shares and left the remaining stake as a publicly traded
stub. They further proposed to take on new debt and to pay a special dividend
to shareholders, and to issue warrants for the purchase of additional shares
within a seven-year window. They argued that the Dell-Silver Lake proposal
undervalued the company and locked out current investors from benefiting from
any future turnaround of the company that might occur. For months, the
wrangling between them threatened to result in a split board of directors and
a prolonged proxy fight for control of the company, as neither side had
sufficient support among shareholders to take full control. Icahn took his
fight against the transaction public, via numerous open letters to
shareholders and to his relatively new Twitter account, where at times he
needled Dell management in labored verse. Earlier this week, Icahn conceded
that he had lost the battle to take control of Dell. However, he has said he
intends to ask a court in Delaware to appraise the company’s value in the hope
of forcing a higher payout. Given the size of his holdings, Icahn has already
realized a $70 million profit on his Dell shares. The company has been
struggling with the long-term decline in the personal computer business, while
at the same time trying to transform itself into a bigger player in enterprise
hardware, software and services. But those efforts at transformation have been
uneven, and the majority of Dell’s revenue is either derived directly from PCs
or from ancillary products like desktop displays and accessories. Update:
11:45 am ET: According to a filing with the SEC, Southeastern Asset Management
is no longer working in concert with Carl Icahn. It’s investment stake in Dell
is now 3.7 percent. Here’s the statement in full: Today’s preliminary results
show that Michael Dell and Silver Lake have been successful in obtaining
shareholder approval for the transaction. Accordingly, Southeastern and Icahn
Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates (“Icahn”) have terminated their agreement
to cooperate regarding an alternative proposal and the nomination of a slate
of directors at the annual meeting. As a result, Southeastern and Icahn are no
longer “acting in concert” for 13D purposes, and are therefore no longer part
of a “group.” And here’s Dell’s original press release announcing the approval
of the deal: Dell Stockholders Approve Merger Transaction ROUND ROCK, Texas
–(BUSINESS WIRE)– Dell today announced that, based on a preliminary vote tally
from the special meeting of stockholders, Dell stockholders have approved the
proposal in which Michael Dell, Dell’s Founder, Chairman and CEO, will acquire
Dell in partnership with global technology investment firm Silver Lake
Partners. In connection with the transaction, Dell stockholders will receive
$13.75 in cash for each share of Dell common stock they hold, plus payment of
a special cash dividend of $0.13 per share to stockholders of record as of a
date prior to the effective time of the merger, for total consideration of
$13.88 per share in cash. The agreement also guarantees the regular quarterly
dividend of $0.08 per share for the fiscal third quarter would be paid to
holders of record as of a date prior to closing. The total transaction is
valued at approximately $24.9 billion. The preliminary vote tally shows that
the transaction was approved by the holders of a majority of Dell’s
outstanding shares, as required by Delaware law. In addition, the tally shows
that the transaction was approved by the holders of a majority of Dell’s
shares voting for or against the matter, excluding shares held by Mr. Dell,
certain of his related family trusts, Dell’s Board of Directors and certain
members of its management, as separately required under the merger agreement.
“I am pleased with this outcome and am energized to continue building Dell
into the industry’s leading provider of scalable, end-to-end technology
solutions,” said Michael Dell, chairman and CEO of Dell. “As a private
enterprise, with a strong private-equity partner, we’ll serve our customers
with a single-minded purpose and drive the innovations that will help them
achieve their goals.” Mr. Dell continued, “I would like to thank our 110,000
team members around the world who, throughout this process, have remained
focused on serving our customers with unity, purpose and pride. As our company
continues to expand its enterprise solutions and services business, our team
members will be Dell’s most valuable asset and the key to our future success.”
“Over the course of more than a year, the Special Committee and its advisors
conducted a disciplined and independent process to ensure the best outcome for
Dell stockholders,” said Alex Mandl, chairman of the Special Committee formed
to evaluate the transaction and other strategic alternatives. “By voting in
favor of the transaction, the stockholders have chosen the best option to
maximize the value of their shares. I want to thank my fellow Committee
members and the entire Board for their diligent and tireless efforts on behalf
of Dell stockholders, and the stockholders themselves for the careful
consideration they gave to this important matter.” The transaction is expected
to close before the end of the third quarter of Dell’s FY2014, subject to the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval.
Dell will continue to be headquartered in Round Rock, Texas. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130912/dell-shareholders-approve-25-billion-buyout-to-
go-private/feed/ 0 Shareholders Will Probably Approve Dell's Go-Private Plan
Tomorrow http://allthingsd.com/20130911/shareholders-will-probably-approve-
dells-go-private-plan-tomorrow/ http://allthingsd.com/20130911/shareholders-
will-probably-approve-dells-go-private-plan-tomorrow/#comments Wed, 11 Sep
2013 20:29:31 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=357693 Barring a significant
surprise, by this time tomorrow the computing company Dell will be on its way
to becoming a privately held company. At a special meeting of shareholders to
be held at the company’s headquarters in Round Rock, Texas, the votes on its
leveraged buyout will be tallied up. All indications suggest that there is a
sufficient majority of yes votes; Bloomberg News reported today that the vote
appears to be sewn up in favor of the Dell-Silver Lake proposal. The meeting
will probably be gaveled to adjournment right after the vote’s result is read.
But that won’t end the potential for further drama in this year-long buyout
saga. Even though Carl Icahn — the activist investor who fought the deal for
most of the year — has bowed out of any further effort to try and wrest
control of the company away from Michael Dell, that doesn’t mean the fight is
entirely over. Remember that Icahn has promised to seek appraisal rights in
the the Delaware courts. He has been talking about this since mid-July. Icahn,
and presumably other shareholders who agree with him, would abstain from
voting on the buyout under this scenario, and then take advantage of a
provision in Delaware corporate law — Dell is incorporated in that state — to
ask a judge to determine exactly what the company is worth. As the New York
Times reported today, some analysis by experts in this type of case says that
Icahn and his supporters have a pretty good chance of squeezing more money out
of Michael Dell and Silver Lake. The analysis comes from the law firm of Fish
& Richardson in Boston, and you can read it in full here. The firm looked at
20 years’ worth of decisions in these types of cases before the Delaware
Chancery Court and found that most of the time — in 37 cases out of 45 that
went to trial — judges ruled that the company was worth more than the buyer
was offering. As the firm’s lawyers put it: “Indeed, opinions from the
Delaware Chancery Court show that there has not been a single case during the
past twenty years in which any kind of a standalone buyout, management or
otherwise, was appraised at a ‘fair value’ that was less than the offer
price.” In eight of those cases, the court set a valuation that was lower than
the price offered — none of these were straight buyouts, but mergers in which
the target was being absorbed into another company. This means that, given the
historical patterns of the Delaware courts, there’s a pretty good chance that
Icahn and other shareholders who have opposed the $13.75 a share offered will
get a boost of some kind. Whether or not this will affect the prospects of
completing the deal in the end is as yet unclear. Assuming the case even makes
it to trial, which it may not. Sources familiar with the thinking of people in
the Dell-Silver Lake camp tell me that they are “not losing sleep” over
Icahn’s maneuvering. And so far, Icahn hasn’t had much luck in the Delaware
courts in regard to his efforts to scotch the Dell buyout. Last month a judge
there denied his petition seeking to intervene and stop the buyout vote that
is scheduled for tomorrow. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130911/shareholders-
will-probably-approve-dells-go-private-plan-tomorrow/feed/ 0 Carl Icahn Ends
Effort to Take Control of Dell http://allthingsd.com/20130909/carl-icahn-ends-
effort-to-take-control-of-dell/ http://allthingsd.com/20130909/carl-icahn-
ends-effort-to-take-control-of-dell/#comments Mon, 09 Sep 2013 13:43:24 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=356901 The last bit of lingering drama in a 14-month-
old effort to take the computer company Dell private in a leveraged buyout
just came to a close as activist investor Carl Icahn said he would not pursue
any further efforts to take control of the company. In a letter to
shareholders that crossed the wires just a few minutes ago, Icahn said he
continues to oppose the deal proposed by founder and CEO Michael Dell, which
will go before shareholders at a special meeting this Thursday. Under that
proposal, Dell and the private equity firm Silver Lake will pay about $25
billion to purchase all the outstanding shares of the company. That deal was
reached after a prolonged wrangle in which Icahn proposed to recapitalize the
company by buying up about 72 percent of shares, paying a special dividend and
issuing warrants for the purchase of additional shares in the future. The
biggest hurdle to the deal was the original plan to hold a shareholder vote
that counted non-votes as votes against the deal. Once Dell and Silver Lake
realized that there was sufficient Icahn-inspired opposition to the deal to
scotch it, they lobbied a special committee of the board to change the rules
so that non-votes would not count as no-votes. After Dell put more money on
the table in the form of an additional dividend, the board committee agreed.
Icahn sued in a court in Delaware, but was turned back by a judge. As Icahn
put it: “… We have determined that it would be almost impossible to win the
battle on September 12th. We have therefore come to the conclusion that we
will not pursue additional efforts to defeat the Michael Dell/Silver Lake
proposal.” That doesn’t entirely end the fight. Icahn will still seek his
rights under Delaware law to ask a judge to appraise the value of the company,
and he has urged other shareholders to join him in doing so. But, so far, his
efforts with regard to Dell in the Delaware Chancery Court haven’t borne any
fruit. Shareholder votes will be tallied up officially on Thursday morning.
Because CEO Michael Dell is not allowed to vote under the terms of the go-shop
process, the majority of shareholders needed to approve it is 43 percent.
Here’s the text of Icahn’s letter: Dear Fellow Dell Inc. Stockholders: I
continue to believe that the price being paid by Michael Dell/Silver Lake to
purchase our company greatly undervalues it, among other things, because: 1\.
Dell is paying a price approximately 70% below its ten-year high of $42.38;
and 2\. The bid freezes stockholders out of any possibility of realizing
Dell’s great potential. Although the board accepted Michael Dell/Silver Lake’s
offer in February, it promised stockholders that the Company would hold a
meeting at which stockholders could make the final decision as whether or not
to accept the transaction. The board recommended that stockholders vote in
favor of the proposed transaction because it was Michael Dell/Silver Lake’s
“best and final offer”. Icahn and Southeastern argued that stockholders should
not give up the huge potential of Dell and therefore should reject the
proposed transaction. We won, or at least thought we won, but when the board
realized that they lost the vote, they simply ignored the outcome. Even in a
dictatorship when the ruling party loses an election, and then ignores its
outcome, it attempts to provide a plausible reason to justify their actions.
Andrew Bary at Barron’s wisely observed, “In an action worthy of Vladimir
Putin, Dell postponed a vote scheduled for last Thursday on Michael Dell’s
proposed buyout of the company when it became apparent that there was
insufficient shareholder support for the deal.” But the Dell board felt they
needed no excuse when they changed the voting standard and changed the record
date of those eligible to vote, which allowed arbitrageurs to vote a much
greater percentage of the stock when the polls reopen and scheduled the annual
meeting for October. The board simply relied on the usual “business judgment”
catchall and Delaware law to uphold their actions. We jokingly ask, “What’s
the difference between Dell and a dictatorship?” The answer: Most functioning
dictatorships only need to postpone the vote once to win. As a result of 1)
the change in the record date allowing new stockholders to vote on the
proposed Michael Dell/Silver Lake transaction on September 12th, 2) Chancellor
Strine’s ruling that a gap period between the September 12th meeting and the
annual meeting was legal under Delaware law and 3) the raise in the bid by
Michael Dell/Silver Lake, we have determined that it would be almost
impossible to win the battle on September 12th. We have therefore come to the
conclusion that we will not pursue additional efforts to defeat the Michael
Dell/Silver Lake proposal, although we still oppose it and will move to seek
appraisal rights. I realize that some stockholders will be disappointed that
we do not fight on. However, over the last decade, mainly through “activism”
we have enhanced stockholder value in many companies by billions of dollars.
We did not accomplish this by waging battles that we thought we would lose.
Michael Dell/Silver Lake waged a hard fought battle and according to
Chancellor Strine, the actions by Dell were within the Delaware law. We
therefore congratulate Michael Dell and I intend to call him to wish him good
luck (he may need it). While we of course are saddened at our losing the
battle to control Dell, it certainly makes the loss a lot more tolerable in
that as a result of our involvement, Michael Dell/Silver Lake increased what
they said was their “best and final offer”. As a result of this increase all
stockholders are to receive many hundreds of millions of dollars more than the
board originally accepted. We will never know how much more stockholders might
have received if the board had allowed the annual meeting to proceed at the
same time as the rescheduled special meeting which we believe would have put
pressure on Michael Dell/Silver Lake to increase their bid. One of the great
strengths of our country is that we abide by the rule of law. However, state
laws dealing with corporate governance often favor incumbent corporate boards
and management and are weak in many areas. While we must abide by these laws,
we believe that they can and must be changed. Among many other things, boards
should not be able to treat elections as totalitarian dictatorships do; where
if they lose, they simply ignore the results. The Dell board, like so many
boards in this country, reminds me of Clark Gable’s last words in “Gone with
the Wind,” they simply “don’t give a damn.” If you are incensed by the actions
of the Dell Board as much as I am, I hope you will choose to follow me on
Twitter where from time to time I give my investment insights. I also intend
to point out what I consider to be unconscionable actions by boards and
discuss what remedies shareholders may take to change the situation. I wish to
take this opportunity to thank all Dell shareholders who supported
Southeastern and Icahn. Very truly yours, Carl Icahn ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130909/carl-icahn-ends-effort-to-take-control-of-
dell/feed/ 0 Carl Icahn Denied in Bid to Upend Dell Buyout Vote
http://allthingsd.com/20130816/carl-icahn-denied-in-bid-to-upend-dell-buyout-
vote/ http://allthingsd.com/20130816/carl-icahn-denied-in-bid-to-upend-dell-
buyout-vote/#comments Fri, 16 Aug 2013 19:13:18 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=351668 Carl Icahn, the activist investor, can’t seem
to get a break from the Delaware Chancery Court. A judge in that court turned
away Icahn’s petition asking it to intervene and stop a buyout vote scheduled
for Sept. 12. That means that the vote, complete with its revised rules, will
go on as scheduled. The Wall Street Journal has a closer look at the decision
itself here. Meanwhile, Dell notified shareholders via a filing with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission that its regular annual meeting has been
scheduled for Oct. 17. The date had been a point of contention for Icahn, who
had sought to force Dell to hold the annual meeting on the same date as the
special shareholder meeting during which votes on the buyout will be tallied.
Either way, Icahn and his partner in opposing the deal, Southeastern Asset
Management, say they will continue to run their own slate of directors and
continue to fight for control of the company at the annual meeting in October.
In another filing with the SEC, Icahn and Southeastern renominated the slate
of directors they first put up on May 17. CEO and founder Michael Dell and the
private equity firm Silver Lake have offered about $25 billion to buy the
company out. Icahn and several other large shareholders have argued that their
offer undervalues the company. They have proposed a strategic recapitalization
that would see 72 percent of shareholders bought out at $14 a share, and leave
the remaining shares trading publicly. Shareholders would also receive a
special dividend and receive warrants for the purchase for Dell shares at a
later date. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130816/carl-icahn-denied-in-bid-to-
upend-dell-buyout-vote/feed/ 0 Ahead of Buyout Vote, Dell Q2 Profits Fall 72
Percent http://allthingsd.com/20130815/ahead-of-buyout-vote-dell-q2-profits-
fall-72-percent/ http://allthingsd.com/20130815/ahead-of-buyout-vote-
dell-q2-profits-fall-72-percent/#comments Thu, 15 Aug 2013 21:25:11 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=351476 Dell, the struggling computing company seeking
to go private in a $26 billion leveraged buyout, reported what might turn out
to be its final set of earnings results as a public company. If nothing else,
it’s pretty easy to see why it has sought to go private. While earnings per
share were 25 cents, a penny better than what analysts had expected, and sales
were at $14.5 billion, ahead of expectations, net profits fell 72 percent from
the same period a year ago, and by half on a per-share basis. Sales of
personal computers amounted to $9.5 billion, representing a drop of five
percent, while operating profits in that unit fell 71 percent. Sales in the
enterprise solutions group rose by eight percent to $3.3 billion. Services
revenue rose two percent to $2.1 billion, while the unit’s operating income
rose one percent. Software revenue was $310 million and reported an operating
loss. Overall, Dell’s gross margin was 18.5 percent, down from 21.7 percent in
the year-ago period. The company declined to provide outlook for the current
quarter. It was the latest indicator of the state of business at the computing
company started in 1984 by Michael Dell in a college dormitory at the
University of Texas at Austin. In February of this year, Dell, the company’s
chairman and CEO, teamed up with the private equity firm Silver Lake to take
the company private. The plan has been to effect a turnaround of the company’s
fortunes without the pressure of meeting shareholder expectations for growth
while investing heavily in a shift away from the declining personal computer
business and toward more profitable enterprise technology, software and
services. Their efforts have been frustrated by Carl Icahn, the billionaire
activist investor who has sought to win shareholders over with a
recapitalization proposal. Icahn, the company’s second-largest shareholder,
won sufficient backing of several other institutional shareholders to scotch
the buyout proposal, which requires a 43 percent vote a shareholders. Earlier
this month, Michael Dell reached a deal with a special committee of the
company’s board to increase the initial buyout bid to $13.75 a share from
$13.65 and to pay a special 13-cent dividend. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130815/ahead-of-buyout-vote-dell-q2-profits-
fall-72-percent/feed/ 0 Carl Icahn Makes a Large Investment in Apple
http://allthingsd.com/20130813/carl-icahn-makes-a-large-investment-on-apple/
http://allthingsd.com/20130813/carl-icahn-makes-a-large-investment-on-
apple/#comments Tue, 13 Aug 2013 18:43:01 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=350665 Shares of Apple are rising by more than four
percent on word that Carl Icahn, the billionaire activist investor trying to
take over Dell, has made a large investment in the company behind the iPhone
and the Mac. Icahn announced via Twitter that he has taken a “large position”
in Apple, and thinks it is “extremely undervalued.” He didn’t disclose how
large his position in Apple is, nor what he thinks the company is actually
worth. Presumably, that information will come to light in regulatory filings.
Icahn also said he had spoken with Apple CEO Tim Cook today. We currently have
a large position in APPLE. We believe the company to be extremely undervalued.
Spoke to Tim Cook today. More to come. — Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) August 13,
2013 Had a nice conversation with Tim Cook today. Discussed my opinion that a
larger buyback should be done now. We plan to speak again shortly. — Carl
Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) August 13, 2013 Apple confirmed the conversation,
issuing the following statement to AllThingsD: “We appreciate the interest and
investment of all our shareholders. Tim had a very positive conversation with
Mr. Icahn today.” Apple shares quickly rose to above $484 a share just before
3 pm ET, up about $17 from Monday’s closing price. Before today, Apple shares
had fallen by more than 12 percent since the start of 2013, and 33 percent
since reaching their historic high of $700.09 in 2012. The move comes a day
after Icahn revealed in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission that he “intends to use Twitter from time to time to communicate
with the public about our company and other issues.” Nor is it the first time
he has used Twitter to comment on a company in which he holds a stake. Last
month, he blasted Dell CEO Michael Dell with a fit of Twitter rhyme. With
reporting by John Paczkowski. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130813/carl-icahn-
makes-a-large-investment-on-apple/feed/ 0 Michael Dell and Silver Lake Reach
Last-Minute Buyout Deal http://allthingsd.com/20130802/michael-dell-and-
silver-lake-reach-last-minute-buyout-deal/
http://allthingsd.com/20130802/michael-dell-and-silver-lake-reach-last-minute-
buyout-deal/#comments Fri, 02 Aug 2013 13:27:33 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=348504 Michael Dell and the private equity firm
Silver Lake have raised their offer to take Dell Inc. private to $13.75 a
share, with a 13-cent-per-share special dividend. The new deal, reached mere
hours before a shareholder vote was scheduled to take place, values the
company at nearly $24.9 billion. Sources familiar with the negotiations say
that a deal was reached in principle Wednesday night, and that details were
worked out into the night on Thursday. The special committee of Dell’s board
moved the shareholder vote from today to Sept. 12, buying more time to solicit
shareholder support. In exchange for the higher offer, Dell and Silver Lake
would receive the voting rights modifications they requested last week. Those
modifications would give the buyout proposal a chance of passing a shareholder
vote. Under current rules, non-voting shareholders are counted in the
“opposed” column on the shareholder vote. Because CEO Michael Dell is not
allowed to vote, the majority of shareholders needed is 43 percent. According
to sources familiar with the terms of the deal, the 13-cent dividend is being
underwritten by Michael Dell, who is moving his own shares of the company into
the financing pot as a “substantial discount.” Exact terms of this portion of
the deal couldn’t be learned, but will be disclosed in a forthcoming filing
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission next week. Previously, the
CEO had rolled his own shares into the financing package at a value of $13.36.
Earlier this week, the deal appeared to be near collapse, after the special
committee rejected an earlier request by Dell and Silver Lake to change the
voting rules. Carl Icahn, the activist investor and Dell’s second-largest
shareholder, opposes the buyout and has proposed his own recapitalization
plan, offering $14 a share for up to 72 percent of company shares, a special
dividend paid out of cash and new debt, and warrants to buy more shares over
the course of seven years. Here’s the statement from Dell, which crossed the
wires about two minutes ago: Michael Dell and Silver Lake Agree with Dell
Special Committee to Increase Purchase Price to $13.75 Per Share, Provide for
Company to Pay Special Dividend of $.13 Per Share and Guarantee Payment of
Third Quarter Dividend of $.08 Per Share Revised Agreement Brings Total
Consideration to at Least $13.88 per Share, Increases Aggregate Value to
Unaffiliated Shareholders by at Least $350 Million and Requires Approval of
Majority of Disinterested Shares Actually Voted Special Committee Will Reset
Record Date to August 13 and Adjourn Special Meeting to September 12 ROUND
ROCK, Texas — (BUSINESS WIRE) — The Special Committee of the Board of Dell
Inc. (DELL) today announced that it has entered into a revised definitive
merger agreement with Michael Dell and Silver Lake Partners that increases the
aggregate value to unaffiliated shareholders by at least $350 million, as
follows: Increases the purchase price to $13.75 per share from $13.65 per
share Provides for payment of a special dividend at or before closing of $0.13
per share Guarantees that the third quarter dividend of $0.08 per share will
be paid at or before closing The effect of the guarantee of the third quarter
dividend is to potentially increase the total consideration payable to
unaffiliated stockholders by an additional $120 million depending on whether
the closing would otherwise have occurred prior to the record date for that
dividend. In return for the increased value to shareholders, the voting
standard has been modified such that the improved transaction will require
approval by the majority of disinterested shares actually voting on the
matter. The Committee intends to establish a new record date of August 13,
2013 for shareholders eligible to vote on the transaction at the Special
Meeting which will be adjourned from August 2, 2013 to September 12, 2013 at
9:00 a.m. Central Time. The amended transaction also includes a reduction of
the breakup fee that would be payable in the event the merger agreement is
terminated and within 12 months thereafter the Company effects a
recapitalization transaction that does not result in there being an absolute
majority stockholder of the Company. That fee is reduced from $450 million to
$180 million. Alex Mandl, Chairman of the Special Committee, said, “The
Committee is pleased to have negotiated this transaction, which provides as
much as $470 million of increased value, including the next quarterly dividend
that will now be paid regardless of when the transaction closes.” Mandl
continued, “We believe modifying the voting standard is in the best interests
of Dell shareholders, both because it has enabled us to secure substantial
additional value and because it provides a level playing field for the
decision facing shareholders. The original voting standard was set at a time
when the decision before the shareholders was between a going-private
transaction and a continuation of the status quo. Since then, the nature of
the choice facing shareholders has changed because of the emergence of an
alternative proposal by certain stockholders. In the context of the current
decision, the Committee does not believe it is appropriate to count shares
that have not been voted as having been voted in support of any particular
alternative. Accordingly, we have changed the voting standard to require that
the going-private transaction receive the approval of a majority of the
disinterested shares that are actually voted. By resetting the record date and
providing abundant notice of the new meeting we are ensuring that all
disinterested shareholders, including those who have acquired their shares
since June 3, have ample opportunity to vote for or against the transaction.
We urge all shareholders to support this transaction.” The revised definitive
merger agreement has been approved by Dell’s Special Committee and by the
independent members of Dell’s Board of Directors ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130802/michael-dell-and-silver-lake-reach-last-minute-
buyout-deal/feed/ 0 Icahn Sues Over Dell Voting
http://allthingsd.com/20130801/icahn-sues-over-dell-voting/
http://allthingsd.com/20130801/icahn-sues-over-dell-voting/#comments Thu, 01
Aug 2013 23:47:39 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=348395 Activist investor Carl
Icahn has filed a lawsuit against Dell Inc. and its board to prevent the
computer maker from further delaying a vote scheduled Friday or changing the
voting rules for a proposed buyout by Dell’s founder. In the complaint filed
in Delaware Court of Chancery, Mr. Icahn said that if Dell is permitted to set
a new date for a meeting to vote on whether the company should be taken
private, the vote should be held at the same time as the annual meeting. The
suit seeks to prevent Dell from setting a new record date for shareholders
eligible to vote. The record date is currently June 3, meaning shareholders as
of that date can vote. The meeting is scheduled Friday morning, though it is
unclear if shareholders will get to vote on the $24.4 billion buyout or if the
vote will be postponed again. Read the rest of this post on the original site
» ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130801/icahn-sues-over-dell-voting/feed/ 0
Dell's $24.4 Billion Buyout Vote Comes Before Shareholders, Again, Maybe, or
Not http://allthingsd.com/20130801/dells-24-4-billion-buyout-vote-comes-
before-shareholders-again-maybe-or-not/
http://allthingsd.com/20130801/dells-24-4-billion-buyout-vote-comes-before-
shareholders-again-maybe-or-not/#comments Thu, 01 Aug 2013 22:01:53 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=348238 There’s a fair chance that the ongoing drama
surrounding the proposed $24.4 billion leveraged buyout of the struggling
computer company Dell will finally face a vote of shareholders Friday morning.
Or it may not. There may be another procedural delay. Yesterday, the deal
appeared to be near collapse, as the special committee of Dell’s board
rejected a proposal by Michael Dell and his partner in the proposal, the
private equity firm Silver Lake, to change the rules of the shareholder vote
that requires a non-vote to be tallied in the “opposed” column. While the
special committee has repeatedly supported the buyout in communications with
shareholders and called it the best option, better even than the
recapitalization proposed by the activist investor Carl Icahn, the committee
appears to have painted itself into a corner. Unless there’s a sudden and
unexpected change, as the math currently works out, shares not voted amounting
to about 27 percent, combined with about 20 percent of shares controlled by
people in Icahn’s camp, have a 47 percent block of shares. (Since CEO Michael
Dell is required to abstain from voting, only a 43 percent majority of total
shareholders is required to approve or reject it.) What that means is that if
a vote is actually held Friday, then the buyout will be rejected and Silver
Lake will walk away. Shareholders in the Icahn camp will move to adjourn the
“special” meeting of shareholders and make a motion to convene the annual
meeting of shareholders right away. If that happens, the proxy election for
directors will come up, and the slate of directors that Icahn submitted on May
17 will be up for consideration. Here’s where it will get messy. Michael Dell,
still the largest shareholder in the company, will be allowed to start voting
his proxy again. That makes it unlikely that Icahn will get all the directors
he wants. Without full control of the board, Icahn can’t finance the
recapitalization plan he’s proposed, because his funding commitments require
complete control of the board. Icahn’s plan calls for buying out up to 72
percent of shares at $14, paying a special dividend out of existing cash on
the balance sheet and new debt, and giving remaining shareholders a warrant to
buy more shares at a price of $20 sometime in the next seven years. The result
is that neither Michael Dell nor Carl Icahn will get everything he wants. The
company’s board of directors will be divided in its loyalties and in its view
of the way forward. Meanwhile, Dell shareholders will likely be left in the
lurch. There’s a pretty good chance that if the buyout fails, Dell shares will
fall significantly, and the corporate drama that began a year ago will
continue for some time to come. Or the meeting of shareholders could be
delayed, just like the last one was. We’ll all see tomorrow. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130801/dells-24-4-billion-buyout-vote-comes-before-
shareholders-again-maybe-or-not/feed/ 0 Dell Buyout Near Collapse as Board
Committee Rejects Sweetened Offer http://allthingsd.com/20130731/dell-buyout-
near-collapse-as-board-committee-rejects-sweetened-offer/
http://allthingsd.com/20130731/dell-buyout-near-collapse-as-board-committee-
rejects-sweetened-offer/#comments Wed, 31 Jul 2013 14:45:20 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=347721 The proposed leveraged buyout of the computing
company Dell appeared close to a collapse today after the special committee of
the company’s board of directors rejected a revised offer that Michael Dell
and the private equity firm Silver Lake made to buy out the company last week.
The special committee of the company’s board said in a letter made public in a
filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (full text below) that
it refused to alter the conditions of the shareholder vote that counts non-
votes the same as no votes. That sets up a circumstance where 25 percent of
shareholders who oppose the buyout, combined with 27 percent of shareholders
who have, for one reason or another, not voted at all, add up to a majority of
47 percent. Since in this case a 43 percent majority is all that’s needed —
Michael Dell is not allowed to vote his 14 percent of shares — the combination
of dissident shareholders, including the activist investor Carl Icahn and non-
voting shareholders, will kill the buyout deal. Dell and Silver Lake had
offered $13.75 a share to buy the company out, an increase of 10 cents per
share over their previous price, raising the value of the proposed buyout to
$24.6 billion. Dell and Silver Lake had requested that the special committee
change the rules of a shareholder vote, providing that non-votes are the
equivalent of no votes. In its letter, signed by Alex Mandl, a Dell director,
the committee instead suggested that Dell and Silver Lake simply raise their
bid without conditions. The committee would then be willing to change the
record date establishing eligible shareholders. “The Committee is not prepared
to accept your proposal. We are, however, willing to establish a new record
date for a vote on a $13.75 per share transaction under the existing voting
standard,” the letter reads. Sources familiar with the thinking of people in
the Dell-Silver Lake camp say the investor group is unwilling to budge, and
don’t view the committee’s latest proposal as meaningful. Instead, they’re
more likely to stick with their original $13.65 bid, and let the chips fall
where they may at a vote of shareholders now scheduled for Friday. Dell and
Silver Lake had been concerned about the low turnout rate of voting
shareholders. So far, 27 percent of Dell shareholders have not cast a vote.
Some have no reason to, because they have sold their shares since the June 3
record date. Some Dell shares are in the hands of sovereign wealth funds that
do not vote on proxy matters. Others are in the hands of brokerage accounts
managed on behalf of wealthy individuals, who also tend not to vote on proxy
matters. Another block of shares — estimates put this number at about 10
percent — are ordinary retail investors who may be opting not to vote, or who
may not even know that a vote is being held. The potential collapse of the
buyout process sets up a scenario where Icahn, the second-largest shareholder
in the company, could launch a protracted proxy fight for control of the
company in an attempt to carry out his proposed recapitalization. In that
event, Michael Dell would be allowed to vote his proxy, and thus prevent Icahn
and his supporters, including the investment firm Southeastern Asset
Management and others, from winning control of the company’s board. That sets
up the prospect of a mixed board of directors with divided loyalties, and a
messy, difficult path forward for the company. No surprise, then, that Dell
shares are falling this morning; as of 10:45 am ET, shares are down by more
than three percent, to $12.43. Here’s the letter from Dell’s special committee
to Michael Dell and Egon Durban, managing partner at Silver Lake: July 30,
2013 Mr. Michael S. Dell Dell Inc. One Dell Way Round Rock, Texas 78682 Mr.
Egon Durban Silver Lake Partners 9 West 57th Street, 32nd floor New York, NY
10019 Dear Mr. Dell and Mr. Durban: The Special Committee has carefully
reviewed your letter of July 23, 2013, in which you propose to increase your
offer to $13.75 from $13.65 per share subject to the Committee agreeing to
change the voting standard such that non-voting shares are no longer the
functional equivalent of no votes in determining the majority of disinterested
shares. The Committee is not prepared to accept your proposal. We are,
however, willing to establish a new record date for a vote on a $13.75 per
share transaction under the existing voting standard. A new record date would
enable the many shareholders who bought their shares after June 3, 2013 to
vote on the transaction while giving all shareholders more time to reflect on
where their best interests lie in light of the improved offer. In the
alternative, we are prepared to proceed with a vote on the existing $13.65 per
share transaction at the Special Meeting to be reconvened on August 2, 2013 at
9:00 a.m. Central Time. We look forward to your response. Sincerely, THE
SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DELL INC. Alex J. Mandl ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130731/dell-buyout-near-collapse-as-board-committee-
rejects-sweetened-offer/feed/ 0 Dell Founder Vows to Stay On
http://allthingsd.com/20130728/dell-founder-vows-to-stay-on/
http://allthingsd.com/20130728/dell-founder-vows-to-stay-on/#comments Sun, 28
Jul 2013 19:19:37 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=346679 Dell Inc. Chief
Executive Michael Dell, pushing to save his buyout heading into another
frantic week, said that even if the deal were to fail he would stay at the
company he founded, though he wouldn’t sell assets or commit to any leveraged
recapitalization as some shareholders have advocated. Those comments, in an
interview with the Wall Street Journal over email, come as Mr. Dell attempts
to persuade the special committee of his own board to accept an offer of a
price bump and a rule change he and his private-equity partner made last week.
The committee has until Aug. 2, under a deadline the buyout group already
pushed back, to decide. The comments could signal to shareholders planning to
vote against the deal that unless those shareholders also support a proxy
fight from activist shareholder Carl Icahn, they may not get any payout
outside of the buyout deal. Read the rest of this post on the original site »
]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130728/dell-founder-vows-to-stay-on/feed/ 0