Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Why Supplementing TV Spots
With Twitter Ads Is a Must Reading Time: 4 Minutes Let’s face it: our phones
are on us at all times. No matter what we’re doing, our smartphones are either
in our hands or at least within reach. Even while watching TV, 162 million
Americans are also using their smartphones at the same time. This second-
screening behavior is why it is crucial that brands extend their TV campaigns
on social media to make the most impact on a distracted audience. Twitter in
particular is the perfect fit for social advertising in tandem with TV during
high profile events. 7 in 10 Twitter users are on social media while watching
TV, and Twitter users are 33% more likely than the average internet user to be
on another device while watching television programming. Of the millions of TV
viewers splitting their attention between screens, approximately 30% interact
with related content on social. Given that people often engage with content
linked to their TV programming across different channels, marketers have a
huge opportunity to produce relevant social content tailored towards second-
screeners. Plus, 42% more time is spent looking at Twitter Ads relevant to
surrounding content. Twitter should be an integral part of every brand’s TV
strategy because it increases campaign reach, delivers cost-effective results,
and makes use of engaging ad formats. Increased Reach Twitter has been shown
to provide an average 6% higher reach for cross-platform viewing than other
social media. That reach increases when it comes to younger demographics: A
Nielsen study found Twitter to provide an average of 25% incremental reach to
TV among 18 – 24 year-olds. In fact, that same study found that Twitter had a
higher percentage of its impressions reach target audiences than did TV ‑ 40%
higher to be exact. The best way for advertisers to reach TV viewers who
disengage from the screen during commercials is to meet them at their next
destination: their smartphones. Cost-Efficiency Besides providing augmented
reach, Twitter is also an extremely cost-effective supplement (or alternative)
to TV advertising. Running a 30-second commercial during the Super Bowl costs
upwards of $5 million, but brands can reach equally-engaged audiences on
Twitter for much less. An Adaptly auto advertiser ran a Twitter Amplify
campaign during the 2018 Super Bowl and achieved a cost per view (CPV) of just
$0.05. Another financial services client deployed social campaigns on Twitter
during the course of the 17-week NFL season to coincide with game days and
times. This social-first strategy resulted in over 35 million video views with
a CPV on Twitter of $0.01. An Adaptly TV entertainment advertiser utilizes
Twitter with nearly every campaign. Content is typically promoted on Twitter
before, during, and after a television premiere in order to get new and legacy
viewers aware and engaged while a show is live. Since TV and Twitter
advertisements already run so effectively together, TV entertainment
advertisers are able to see low costs across many campaign objectives. TV
entertainment advertisers can make Twitter an effective and large portion of
their holistic paid social advertising strategy in order to see overall low
costs. Additionally, this allows entertainment advertisers more flexibility to
try new Twitter ad formats that may further engage their audience. Adaptly’s
TV entertainment advertiser has seen campaigns with a Video Views objective
have a CPV as low as $0.01. Engaging Ad Formats Twitter also makes it easy for
brands to plan their social strategies by providing several TV targeting
capabilities: TV show targeting, TV network targeting, and TV genre targeting.
TV targeting allows brands to promote Tweets to people engaged with specific
TV shows before, during, and after a telecast. Being able to reach people
interested in certain shows, networks, or genres opens your brand up to a
whole world of relevant, targetable people. On top of targeting capabilities,
Twitter has a number of engaging ad formats to capture attention. Mobile video
content has the ability to increase brand awareness (according to 44% of
survey respondents), to reach more targeted audiences (34% of respondents),
and to increase brand favorability (26% of respondents). On Twitter, Promoted
Video is a great way to capture attention in-feed. Adaptly retailer JBL by
Harman reached over 3 million people through Promoted Video during a
livestream of an NFL game on Twitter. The campaign delivered a 33% more
efficient cost-per-view than the brand’s benchmark. Twitter also offers First
View, a premium placement that gives a brand exclusive ownership of the top
slot in the feed ‑ Twitter’s most valuable advertising real estate ‑ for a
24-hour period. One CPG brand took advantage of First View with Promoted Video
during a major global sports event and saw 22% incremental reach with its
target audience on Twitter compared to TV alone. Twitter also offers In-Stream
Video Ads, which place pre-roll ads in front of brand-safe video content from
200-plus premium publishers, including the world’s top TV networks, sports
leagues, professional news outlets, and publishing houses. In-Stream Video Ads
give advertisers the opportunity to pair their brand’s messaging with relevant
video content. In fact, when paired with related content, In-Stream Video ads
have been found to provide lift in ad recall, message association, relevance,
and purchase intent. Purchase intent in particular increases 15% when pre-roll
content is on-theme with the ensuing video content as opposed to when it is
matched with unrelated video content. Given the reach, cost-efficiency, and
engaging nature of Twitter, no live event TV strategy is complete without it.
Twitter makes it easy to reach interested viewers more than once during a TV
telecast in order to increase brand awareness and brand favorability. Want to
learn more about extending TV campaigns on Twitter? Contact Adaptly now to get
started >> Chandler Sopko Marketing Manager Chandler has been with Adaptly for
3 years, bringing her marketing background and love of social media to the ad
tech scene. When she isn’t looking at pictures of food on Instagram she can be
found doing the crossword or exploring New York City. Office New York Share
Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's
Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest
advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be
Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417
Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New
York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago
747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street
Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact