WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski A Possible Apple Antitrust
Inquiry? Nothing to See Here… May 3, 2010 at 10:20 am PT Tweet Share Print
Recent changes to Apple’s (AAPL) iPhone developer agreement, specifically
those prohibiting the use of cross-compilers like Adobe’s Packager for iPhone,
may result in some unwanted regulatory scrutiny for Apple. The New York Post
claims the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission are
considering an inquiry to determine whether Apple is unfairly controlling
development of iPhone and iPad apps. The concern here is that Apple’s new
policy might stifle competition by preventing developers from using tools that
could easily make their apps available on multiple platforms, not just the
iPhone alone. Devs who want to write apps for the iPhone must write them
originally for the platform in Objective-C, C, C++, or JavaScript as executed
by the iPhone OS WebKit engine. They can’t, for example, build a Flash-based
app and run it through Adobe’s Packager, which outputs the code in an iPhone-
friendly format. Why might that constitute an unfair business practice in the
eyes of the government? Adobe and other critics claim that it turns the iPhone
OS into a walled garden, tethering developers to Apple’s platform and making
it difficult for them to target others. Is that a viable antitrust argument?
If either the DOJ or FTC does launch an inquiry — and it’s not at all clear
that they will — does Apple have anything to worry about? That depends on the
answers to two questions, Harry First, the Charles L. Denison Professor of Law
at New York University School of Law, told me. “The first question that needs
to be answered is ‘does Apple have monopoly power in this market,’” First
explained. “Is the iPhone platform really that dominant? The second is whether
these new restrictions of Apple’s so hurt competing platforms that they could
be considered maintenance of monopoly power. If Apple’s new SDK agreement
effectively forces developers to write only for the iPhone platform, can that
be proven to adversely affect inter-platform competition?” Given thriving
competition in the smartphone market and the number of cross-platform apps
already available, the answers to both those questions would seem to be no.
Add to this, Apple’s pro-competitive justifications for its behavior as laid
out by CEO Steve Jobs last week (“a third party layer of software come between
the platform and the developer [and] ultimately results in sub-standard
apps.”), and there doesn’t appear to be much here — if anything. Tagged with:
Adobe, Apple, compiler, flash, Harry First, iPad, iPhone, iPhone OS, John
Paczkowski, Tech Policy Feature HP Unveils Non-Computer For Those Who Don’t
Need A Computer May 20, 2011 at 9:25 am PT Apple: Amazon’s Appstore Isn’t An
“App Store” May 20, 2011 at 7:36 am PT Welcome to 1997: Nokia’s Market Share
at Its Lowest in 14 Years May 20, 2011 at 4:00 am PT Apple’s Data Center
Buildup Goes Bicoastal May 19, 2011 at 1:20 pm PT China Mobile’s Four Million
iPhone Users Still Waiting for Official Apple Deal May 19, 2011 at 9:35 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version