WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Fiascobook, Redux December 5,
2007 at 11:32 am PT Tweet Share Print What Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg lacks
in foresight, he certainly makes up for in disingenuous hair-shirt remorse.
After two weeks of hue and cry over Facebook’s month-old Beacon advertising
system and its disregard for member privacy, Zuckerberg today apologized for
the company’s misstep and announced some of the fundamental changes to Beacon
that users have been calling for. “Once every 100 years, the way that media
works fundamentally changes,” Zuckerberg stated … (kidding ….) “We simply did
a bad job with this release, and I apologize for it,” he wrote. “…When we
first thought of Beacon, our goal was to build a simple product to let people
share information across sites with their friends. … At first we tried to make
it very lightweight so people wouldn’t have to touch it for it to work. The
problem with our initial approach of making it an opt-out system instead of
opt-in was that if someone forgot to decline to share something, Beacon still
went ahead and shared it with their friends. … It took us too long after
people started contacting us to change the product so that users had to
explicitly approve what they wanted to share. … Instead of acting quickly, we
took too long to decide on the right solution. I’m not proud of the way we’ve
handled this situation and I know we can do better.” And the company is
trying. Today it released a privacy control to turn off Beacon completely.
Said Zuckerberg, “If you select that you don’t want to share some Beacon
actions or if you turn off Beacon, then Facebook won’t store those actions
even when partners send them to Facebook.” That’s a pleasant assurance, but
one that some say doesn’t go nearly far enough. “So essentially he’s saying
the information transmitted won’t be stored but will perhaps be interpreted,”
writes Om Malik. “Will this happen in real time? If that is the case, then the
advertising ‘optimization’ that results from ‘transmissions’ is going to
continue. Right! If they were making massive changes, one would have seen
options like ‘Don’t allow any Web sites to send stories to Facebook’ or ‘Don’t
track my actions outside of Facebook.’ ” Tagged with: advertising, Beacon,
Facebook, Fiascobook, John Paczkowski, Mark Zuckerberg, opt in, opt out,
privacy, Web HP Unveils Non-Computer For Those Who Don’t Need A Computer May
20, 2011 at 9:25 am PT Apple: Amazon’s Appstore Isn’t An “App Store” May 20,
2011 at 7:36 am PT Welcome to 1997: Nokia’s Market Share at Its Lowest in 14
Years May 20, 2011 at 4:00 am PT Apple’s Data Center Buildup Goes Bicoastal
May 19, 2011 at 1:20 pm PT China Mobile’s Four Million iPhone Users Still
Waiting for Official Apple Deal May 19, 2011 at 9:35 am PT AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version