WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Mike Isaac ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @MikeIsaac Recent
Posts by Mike Isaac Tweet Free or Die: In Defense of Occupy Protester, Twitter
Fights the Man May 8, 2012 at 5:49 pm PT Tweet Share Print Taking a bold
stance on the privacy rights of its users, Twitter on Tuesday filed a motion
to quash a New York State court ruling that would require the company to hand
over information on one of its users, Malcolm Harris, in connection with an
ongoing investigation. “As we said in our brief, ‘Twitter’s Terms of Service
make absolutely clear that its users own their content,'” Twitter legal
counsel Ben Lee said in a statement provided to AllThingsD. “Our filing with
the court reaffirms our steadfast commitment to defending those rights for our
users.” Twitter’s filing comes after Harris’s initial motion to quash was
struck down in court. The court found that Harris lacked the legal standing to
challenge the request for Twitter information on his own behalf. Harris, a
senior editor at online publication The New Inquiry, was arrested in
conjunction with a massive Occupy Wall Street protest last October that
blocked the Brooklyn Bridge. He was one of more than 700 people arrested. In
Harris’s defense, Twitter cites the First Amendment as grounds for support,
contesting that “content that Twitter users create and submit to Twitter are
clearly a form of electronic communication that, accordingly, implicates First
Amendment protections.” Twitter also contends that the request is a Fourth
Amendment violation (unlawful search and seizure, for those of you who skipped
PoliSci 101). The reasoning behind Twitter’s motion most likely boils down to
two things: First, if Twitter users as a whole don’t have sufficient standing
to defend themselves against subpoenas for information, it then becomes
Twitter’s responsibility to do so. With a subscriber base of more than 140
million active users, that’s a lot of litigation to sort through. It’s simply
a scaleability issue. So, on the one hand, Twitter filing a motion that would
essentially put the defense back in Harris’s hands is essentially Twitter
practicing enlightened self-interest. But in another, more gallant way of
viewing the case, the motion signals just how strong Twitter is on the right
to privacy of its user base. Aside from safeguarding against a future of
similar requests, Twitter doesn’t have to stick up for its users like this.
“In Internet meme parlance, Twitter is basically telling the government: ‘Come
at me bro,'” privacy researcher Christopher Soghoian told AllThingsD in an
interview. And it’s not the first time Twitter has stood up to the government.
Late last year, Twitter challenged a court order requesting information on a
number of people involved with WikiLeaks, including Julian Assange.
Specifically, Twitter challenged a “gag order” included in the request, which
specifically barred the company from telling WikiLeaks members that the
government was requesting their account information. By challenging the order,
Twitter effectively let these account holders know that the government was
going after their information, which allowed them in turn to defend themselves
against the government requests. This may not sound like much. But most of
this litigation is dealt with by outside counsel which Twitter hired
specifically to deal with these cases, and that isn’t cheap. And there’s no
direct financial incentive for the company to stand up against a request for
information such as this one. In all, it’s a bold move by the microblogging
company, and one it isn’t required to make. Tagged with: AT&T;, Bradley
Manning, Chris Soghoian, come at me bro, federal government, First Amendment,
Fourth Amendment, free speech, freedom of speech, Google, Julian Assange,
Malcolm Harris, Occupy Wall Street, OWS, rights, Sprint, The New Inquiry,
Twitter, Verizon, WikiLeaks In Wake of Delivery Delays, Amazon Offers Gift
Cards to Customers December 26, 2013 at 12:11 pm PT RapGenius and Google:
Tales in Growth Hacking Gone Wrong December 26, 2013 at 9:52 am PT Twitter
Stock Has a Very Merry Christmas December 26, 2013 at 6:45 am PT Freshdesk
Nabs $7 Million Series C December 19, 2013 at 4:30 am PT Tweets Are the New
Black: NYT Reporter’s Twitter Book to Be Made for TV December 18, 2013 at 9:57
am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version