Watch a Demo Log in | Register Products Products Moab Cloud HPC Suite Moab
Cloud/NODUS Cloud Bursting Nitro High Throughput TORQUE The HPC Suite
Accounting Manager Grid Power Remote Visualization Reporting and Analytics
Viewpoint Portal Solutions Verticals Commercial Financial Oil and Gas
Manufacturing Government and Academic How Can We Help You Speed and Scale User
Productivity Collaboration Cost Reduction and Efficiency Service Guarantees
Just Make it Work Cross-Platform Solutions Partners Technology Partners
Resellers/Integrators Industry Partners Cloud Partners Cloud Technology
Partners Cloud Systems Integrators HPC Partners Services Training Professional
Services Support Customer Support Technical Support – Information Download
Center Eval/Demo Request Moab Cloud HPC Suite Nitro Docker Integration TORQUE
Support / Docs Submit Support Case Documentation EOL Policy Company Our
Customers Customer Profiles News and Events Events In The News Company
Overview Company History Management Team Tech Talk Videos Demos Contact Us
Careers Information Request Demo/Eval Home » How Can We Help You » Service
GuaranteesService Guarantees SLA Enforcement and Resource Allocation Service
Guarantees are important to help ensure the system is utilized in a way that
completes the “most important” work for achieving the organization’s top
objectives. The better the system drives usage according to business level
objectives, the more success an organization can realize. The following are
examples of capabilities which contribute to delivering on service guarantees:
Group Sharing Policies Enforce Service Levels With group sharing policies
organizations get the controls they need to efficiently share a cluster
between multiple groups and the ability to align resource usage to business
objectives. Balance competing needs while still maintaining high utilization.
Example capabilities include Account and QoS credential rights, Hierarchical
Fairshare, Advanced Prioritization, Preemption, and Administrative
Reservations. Auto-scale Capacity Auto Scale your Cluster with Additional
Capacity to Meet SLA’s using Elastic Computing Elastic Computing allows Moab
Cloud HPC Suite to add or remove resources from either a local resource pool,
public/private remote resource pool or from within a shared cluster. This
capability includes Moab Cloud monitoring wait times for workload and then
triggering OpenStack, VMWare, HP-CMU, Bright Cluster Manager, other
provisioning tools or Cloud APIs (Amazon, etc.) to provision additional
resources to be under the workload manager’s control. Docker Container Support
Enable precise resource guarantees with Docker Container enforcement of
resource limits Docker containers can be used to guarantee that jobs get a
precise resource allocation (memory, CPU, etc.) when sharing resources on a
node with other jobs. Usage Accounting and Chargeback/Showback Manage Service
Delivery with Usage-based Accounting, Enforcement, and optional Chargeback
Accounting Manager is a fast, easy-to-use accounting management system that
allows showback and chargeback for usage tracking and charging for resource or
service usage in virtually any computing environments. CONTACT ADAPTIVE
COMPUTINGE-mail Adaptive Computing Call Adaptive Computing Request Demo/Eval
EXPLORESpeed and Scale User Productivity Collaboration Cost Reduction and
Efficiency Service Guarantees Just Make it Work © 2019 Adaptive Computing,
Inc. Legal Notices Privacy Policy Security Advisory Contact Us