WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Netflix Tries Breaking Up Your Family, and Thinks You’ll
Like It August 1, 2013 at 5:00 am PT Tweet Share Print You watch shows on
Netflix. But so do your kids. Which means that Netflix’s vaunted
recommendation engine, which watches what you watch and then makes
suggestions, has a problem: Does it tell you to watch stuff like “Jake and the
Never Land Pirates”? Or does it tell your kids to watch Taylor Schilling and
her pals get up to hijinks in a women’s prison? Reed Hastings’s company has
been promising to tackle this one for a while, and today they are getting
around to it, via personalized “profiles.” The idea is a simple one: Up to
five Netflix users per account can set up individual logs of their viewing
habits, and Netflix will recommend stuff accordingly. And if you’re the kind
of person who wants to share your viewing habits with your Facebook friends,
you can apply the profiles to that feature, so your pals will know you’re
actually watching “Expendables 2,” and not “Emily’s First 100 Days of School.”
If you’re a close observer of Netflix, you will have already read about
Netflix’s initial efforts at this earlier this year. If you want a very
sincere explainer video, here’s one featuring Netflix engineer Eddie Wu
(warning: may autoplay for some reason). One thing you should know that’s not
in the video: Netflix is rolling out the feature to most of the big platforms
that support the service, like Blu-ray players, Xbox 360 and PS3 game
consoles, Apple iOS devices and PCs. But Android users will have wait a bit,
Wu says.* This is a relatively small tweak to the service, but it still took
Netflix about nine months to create a solution and test it out before they
were willing to deploy it widely. And if it works, it should be a nice tool to
increase retention, at least in theory: Better recommendations = more viewing
= happier customers. P.S.: “Jake” is reasonably watchable. *If you’re the kind
of person who likes talking about the relative merits of iOS and Android when
it comes to developers, this one is interesting to mull. Tagged with: Android,
Apple, Apple TV, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Netflix, Orange is the New
Black, profiles, PS3, recommendations, Sony, video, Web video, Xbox 360
Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching
TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is
Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook
Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-
Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix
Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC
Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version