WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @kabster728
The Digital Solution Nintendo Freshens a Game Player April 21, 2009 at 5:46 pm
PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » Nintendo Co.’s strategy of creating
videogames with simple graphics that anyone can play has worked well on its
Wii and portable DS. Earlier this month, the company released the $170
Nintendo DSi in an attempt to spruce up its three-year-old DS Lite and 5
1/2-year-old DS. At first glance, this plain, rectangular clamshell with dual
screens appears to be the same as its predecessors. But a deeper dive into the
DSi reveals its improvements. It now has two cameras: one facing the user and
another facing out; its earlier iterations had none. It also now has a
SecureDigital memory-card slot, so you can plug in an SD card and listen to
AAC music files from iTunes on your DSi, which now works as a portable music
player, or expand the DSi’s storage capacity. The DSi is also Wi-Fi enabled in
a more secure way than previous models and can be used to buy and download
games and applications directly from Nintendo’s DSi Shop online marketplace.
This solves the problem of carrying around multiple game cartridges or losing
them, but might bother people who like swapping games with one another. The
DSi’s Web browser is also faster than its predecessors. These physical changes
affect the way the DSi works in good and bad ways. For example, its two
cameras can be used for photo-related games like WarioWare: Snapped!, a clever
photo-booth-like game that tricks you into making funny faces while secretly
taking your picture. But while the DSi’s newly added SD card slot expands the
device’s memory and brings music on to the DSi, this replaces another slot
that was used for playing GameBoy Advance games on the older DS and DS Lite.
The physical slot for DS games remains. Overall, the Nintendo DSi is a fun
little portable gaming device. I’ve been fooling around with it for a few
weeks, testing games and applications since they became available on April 5.
My DSi tapped into various Wi-Fi networks with no trouble and its browser was
straightforward and zippy. The DSi speakers sounded great for a tiny device.
On the downside, the DSi Shop is still in its infancy so only 10 games and
apps are available there. The DSi retains an aging, boxy look — a design that
could have been freshened up. Until Oct. 5, Nintendo is running a promotion
for its DSi Shop, which accepts points to buy games and applications; $1 is
equal to about 100 points. People who buy the DSi will receive 1,000 free
points for the DSi Shop. New content is added to the shop each Monday. This
content ranges in price from free to 800 points or more. I bought and
downloaded a variety of things, ranging from the free Web browser to a
200-point magic-trick game called Master of Illusion Express: Funny Face. I
also downloaded WarioWare: Snapped! for 500 points. Points for the DSi Shop
can be purchased online or at retail stores and they’re sold in increments of
2,000 for $20. Before purchasing and downloading, a notification with each
game and app tells you how many “blocks,” or memory, it will take up on your
DSi. WarioWare: Snapped!, for example, took up 61 blocks. This information
really doesn’t mean anything unless you go to your system settings to see how
many blocks you’ve used and how many remain. By default, each DSi is shipped
with 256 megabytes of flash memory or 1,024 blocks. The DSi cameras are only
.3 megapixel each and don’t use a zoom or flash, but photos taken with them
looked colorful and clear on the DSi’s two 3.25-inch, 256×192-pixel-resolution
screens. Instead of sending photos to friends directly from the DSi, you have
to save them to the SD card and transfer them to a computer to share them. The
Nintendo DSi is a spruced-up successor to two of the company’s earlier game
players. Nintendo says the “i” in DSi is meant to represent the personal
aspect of the device since it has built-in tools to let you create your own
content. For example, a game called DSi Sound lets you sing or hum into a
built-in microphone, then rearrange your recording to change its pitch, speed
and sound — or even to add harmony. AAC music files pulled on to the device
via SD card can be changed in various ways, though they can’t be saved. Photos
taken with the cameras can be morphed in nine different ways including cutting
different photos and piecing them together on the screen. The DSi has parental
controls, which the DS and DS Lite didn’t have. These controls let parents
turn off Web browsing completely. A better compromise might have been to let
parents limit kids to certain sites. The parental controls can also put
restrictions on the DSi so it can’t play games with certain ratings. For
instance, if a child goes to school and tries to play a friend’s M-rated game
in his DSi, it won’t work. The DSi works well as a music player, albeit a lot
chunkier than an iPod. A high-capacity SD memory card could potentially add
hundreds of songs to the device, and you can press buttons to play on-screen
instruments in the background while listening to your tunes. If you’re using
headphones (not included with the device) and you close the DSi, music will
keep playing through the headphones so you can put the DSi in a bag and go. In
past versions, the DSi went to sleep when closed. It plays only AAC files, not
MP3s. I used the DSi’s Web browser to read some news on WSJ.com and to check
my Web-based email, plugging letters and symbols into the touch-screen
keyboard. A stylus can be used for precise lettering, but I got by with my
fingernails. The DSi games are approachable for all types of people, and are
obviously not geared toward the graphics-rich visuals that hard-core gamers
adore. I liked the way they incorporated the device’s touch screen for
drawings and its cameras for photo games. The Nintendo DSi is $20 more than
the price of the original DS, and $40 more than the DS Lite. But its two
cameras, snappy Web browser and music-player capabilities make it a likable
and well-rounded device that any family member could use. Edited By Walter S.
Mossberg Email us at mossbergsolution@wsj.com. Find this and other columns and
videos online free at the All Things Digital Web site:
http://solution.allthingsd.com Corrections & Amplifications Photos taken on
the Nintendo DSi can be sent to other DSis. Due to inaccurate information
provided by Nintendo, yesterday’s Mossberg Solution erroneously stated photos
couldn’t be shared between DSis. Tagged with AAC, applications, browser,
camera, card, cartridges, DS, DS Lite, DSi, email, entertainment, files,
GameBoy Advance, games, graphics, hardware, headphones, iTunes, keyboard,
Master of Illusion Express: Funny Face, megapixel, memory, microphone, music,
Nintendo, parental controls, photo, points, portable, SD, SecureDigital, Shop,
storage capacity, videogame, WarioWare: Snapped!, Web, Wi-Fi, Wii You’ve Come
a Long Way, Silicon Valley December 17, 2013 at 3:47 pm PT Space Monkey Peer-
to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup December 10, 2013 at 3:15
pm PT Oh, the Places Your Phone Will Find December 03, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT Xbox
One: Digital Home Base for the Living Room November 26, 2013 at 3:25 pm PT An
iPad That’s Mini in Screen Size Only November 19, 2013 at 3:06 pm PT Search
the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version