WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Intel Will Pay Nvidia $1.5 Billion to
"Maintain Patent Peace" January 10, 2011 at 1:36 pm PT Tweet Share Print Intel
has agreed to pay Nvidia $1.5 billion to settle their long-simmering legal
dispute that had been set to go before a Delaware Chancery Court in December.
Intel will pay Nvidia in five annual installments beginning Jan. 18, and in
return will receive full access to Nvidia’s full range of patents, which had
been part of the dispute. Nvidia will retain use of certain Intel patents that
had also been in dispute. “This agreement ends the legal dispute between the
companies, preserves patent peace and provides protections that allow for
continued freedom in product design,” said Doug Melamed, Intel senior vice
president and general counsel, in a statement. The fight had been over the
terms of a 2004 agreement under which Intel granted Nvidia access to some of
Intel’s technology for use in its chipsets, the chips that sit between the
microprocessor and the graphics chip like connecting tissue. The cross-
licensing agreement allowed Nvidia to make chipsets that were compatible with
Intel microprocessors. The trouble began in 2008, when Intel released its
Nehalem generation of PC chips. The two companies disagreed over whether the
2004 agreement allowed Nvidia to make chipsets that would work with Nehalem
chips and generations of chips that would follow. They filed dueling lawsuits
in the Delaware Court of Chancery in early 2009. Intel asked a judge to rule
that the agreement didn’t cover Nehalem and future generations of chips, while
Nvidia sued for breach of contract, and sought to terminate Intel’s right to
use some Nvidia patents that had been part of the agreement. As I reported
last December for Businessweek, the dispute caught the attention of the
Federal Trade Commission, which added it to an antitrust complaint that was
later settled. The larger backdrop here is the growing threat Nvidia’s chips,
known as graphics processing units (or GPUs), pose to Intel’s chips in servers
and supercomputers. Engineers often refer to this as the CPU-GPU debate, where
Intel’s chips are referred to as CPUs. GPUs are common in most PCs, and
usually handle the processing required to make games look good and run
smoothly, working in concert with the CPU. Since GPU chips do certain kind of
math known as a floating point operation a lot faster than a CPU, they’re
increasingly being used in systems that Intel has traditionally considered its
primary domain: Heavy-duty financial modeling (oil and gas exploration is a
good example). They’re also making a huge splash in the rarefied world of
supercomputing: Nvidia GPU chips are being used in three of the top five
systems on the elite Top 500 list of the world’s most powerful supercomputers.
And as we all saw at CES last week, they’re starting to show up in tablet and
other PC-like devices running Windows with the full support of Microsoft. The
dispute between them, which effectively put Nvidia out of the business of
making chipsets that were compatible with Intel chips, certainly hurt. Though
for Intel’s part, losing the Nvidia patents in question could have conceivably
hurt its new Sandy Bridge chips, which combine a GPU and a CPU into one single
component. Intel formally launched Sandy Bridge at CES last week. And as
recently as last week, sources familiar with the matter were saying that a new
trial date was scheduled for February. Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang was careful
not to directly answer a question about that from Mobilized’s Ina Fried in an
interview at our D@CES event last week: Intel and Nvidia had mysteriously
withdrawn the case from the court’s calendar days before opening arguments
were set to get underway on Dec. 6. Bloomberg News then reported that
settlement talks were underway, though by mid-December there were signs that
those talks had stalled, and sources said that a new trial date had been
agreed to. That was until today, when sources at both companies started to
drop hints that news was imminent. Tagged with: agreement, antitrust, Arik
Hesseldahl, case, CES, Chancery Court, chips, chipsets, complaint, court, CPU,
Delaware, dispute, Doug Melamed, Douglas Melamed, Federal Trade Commission,
financial, GPU, graphics processing units, Ina Fried, installments, Intel,
interview, Jen Hsun Huang, launch, lawsuits, legal, litigation,
microprocessors, Mobilized, NewEnterprise, Nvidia, patents, pay, payment,
Sandy Bridge, settlements, statement, supercomputers, Top 500 list Apple
Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You
Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013
at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013
at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology
of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-
Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version