Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
scientists develop “virtual flow cytometry” – a new approach to distinguish
CD4+ from CD8+ T cells using only high-throughput sequencing on the immunoSEQ
platform. 02/25/2013 Publication in Press in Journal of Immunological Methods
– “Estimating the ratio of CD4 + to CD8 + T cells using high-throughput
sequence data” SEATTLE, WA, February 25, 2013 – Scientists at Adaptive
Biotechnologies Corporation, a leading provider of next generation sequencing
assays for the adaptive immune system, have published a paper in the upcoming
edition of the Journal of Immunological Methods that demonstrates a new method
for determining the relative proportions of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells. The new
methodology uses Adaptive’s ImmunoSEQ immune profiling technology and can
deliver results that have previously required a combination of flow cytometry
in addition to next generation sequencing. The research by Adaptive scientists
focuses on T cells, which are an integral component of the adaptive immune
system and can be sorted into two subpopulations based on the presence of
either the CD4 or the CD8 protein on the cell surface. Harlan Robins, co-
founder of Adaptive and leader of the research team, explained, “The
distinction between CD4+ and CD8+ T cells is important in immunology and can
be very useful, for example, in developing prognostic indicators for cancers
that induce a response from the adaptive immune system.” However, determining
the ratio of CD4+ to CD8+ T cells present in a sample currently requires an
additional flow cytometry processing step. For some sample types – including
solid tumor biopsies – flow cytometry can be prohibitively difficult, limiting
researchers’ and clinicians’ access to important immunological information. In
the published paper, the researchers demonstrate that the T cell receptor
(TCR) gene, which is heavily modified at the genomic level as part of T cell
maturation, tends to differ between CD4+ T cells and CD8+ T cells. The
scientists use these differences to develop and implement a computational
method that relies on DNA sequencing of the T cell receptor gene, using
immunoSEQ, to estimate the relative proportions of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in a
biological sample. “We believe our computational method for determining the
CD4:CD8 ratio in T cell samples from sequence data will provide additional
useful information for any samples on which high-throughput TCR sequencing is
performed, including solid tumors,” said Robins. The paper published in the
February edition of the Journal of Immunological Methods can be found online
here. Published paper » About Adaptive Biotechnologies Adaptive
Biotechnologies Corporation (http://www.adaptivebiotech.com), headquartered in
Seattle, WA, is pioneering the field of genomic immunology. The company’s core
competency is developing next generation sequencing assays that characterize
the adaptive immune system, serving as a platform technology to the research
and clinical communities as well as the biopharmaceutical industry. Adaptive
operates a state-of-the-art high throughput centralized laboratory in Seattle
that is CLIA certified and will be accepting clinical samples in 2013. Its
flagship commercial product, immunoSEQ (http://www.immunoSEQ.com), uses a
proprietary immune profiling assay to analyze T cells and B cells – critical
components of the adaptive immune system’s defense against disease – with
unprecedented depth and specificity. In 2013, the company will introduce
clonoSEQ (http://www.clonoseq.com),a clinical assay to measure and monitor
minimal residual disease (MRD) in a range of blood-based cancers that is
significantly more sensitive than today’s most common tests. All of Adaptive
Biotechnologies’ assays are coupled with a cloud-computing infrastructure that
simplifies the interpretation of massive quantities of data in a user-friendly
interface. About Dr. Harlan Robins Dr. Robins obtained his bachelor’s degree
at Harvard University (1995) as a physics major with a concentration in
mathematics. He then obtained his Masters and Ph.D. in theoretical physics
(string theory) from the University of California Berkeley with a visiting
appointment to the California Institute of Technology (“Caltech”). Dr. Robins
obtained a postdoctoral appointment in theoretical physics in the particle
theory group at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel. Interested in the
mathematics behind genetics and observing the potential utility of high-level
mathematics to study problems in the biological sciences, Dr. Robins took
another postdoctoral appointment at the Institute for Advance Study at
Princeton University in 2002 to study under the famed biologist Dr. Arnold
Levine. Working with Dr. Levine at Princeton, Dr. Robins concentrated on
developing bioinformatic algorithms for messenger RNA targets and bacterial
genome analysis, a precursor to his current faculty appointment (2006) at the
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in the Computational Biology Group,
Public Health Sciences and Human Biology Divisions. In August of 2009, Dr.
Robins was the recipient of the Ellison Award from the Ellison Medical
Foundation New Scholars Program to support new investigators of outstanding
promise in the basic biological sciences. Previous Press Release Adaptive
welcomes new board member Dr. Robert Hershberg, founder and CEO of VentiRx
Pharmaceuticals 02/22/2013 Next Press Release Adaptive Announces Young
Investigator Award Recipients for February 03/04/2013 Corporate/Research (855)
466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses