WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka YouTube Gets Jay-Z to Help Sell TV May 3, 2012 at 6:07 am
PT Tweet Share Print YouTube wants to look more like TV. Which means, among
other things, getting people you might have seen on TV to start making shows
for YouTube. This is the strategy that all of the big Web portals are suddenly
employing. And they’re making a particularly big deal about it right now,
because they’re all putting on fancy showcases for advertisers, modeled on the
“upfront” presentations the TV guys put on every year. YouTube’s was last
night, at New York’s Beacon Theatre, and it was by far the most extravagant
shindig of the bunch. (This included the post-event dinners, where YouTubers
schmoozed advertisers at many of the city’s nicest restaurants: Ma Peche, Del
Posto, A Voce, etc.) If you didn’t go last night (you really did need a
ticket), here’s the finale, via an unofficial shakycam grab. If you can’t pick
this up from the clip, I can attest that the crowd really did get a huge kick
out of this. Perhaps the YouTube folks will put up a fancier version later on:
And here’s a list of famous, semi-famous, or kinda-maybe-famous people that
joined Jay-Z onstage: Neon Trees Pharrell Williams Miri Ben-Ari Chris Hardwick
Jon Avnet and Rodrigo Garcia Julia Stiles Sarah Jones Jennifer Beals Caitlin
Gerard Virginia Madsen Brian Robbins Flo Rida (Image courtesy of Life and
Times) Tagged with: advertising, Brian Robbins, Caitlin Gerard, channel, Chris
Hardwick, Flo Rida, Google, Jay-Z, Jennifer Beals, Jon Avnet, Julia Stiles,
Miri Ben-Ari, Neon Trees, Pharrell Williams, Rodrigo Garcia, Sarah Jones,
upfront, Virginia Madsen, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While
You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at
3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00
am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23,
2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20,
2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV:
Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00
am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version