Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How to Plan a Multi-Platform
Entertainment Campaign on Social Reading Time: 4 Minutes Over the past five
years, the number of TV shows has skyrocketed by 71% – making 2016 a record-
breaking year with 455 scripted shows. With even more new video programming
hitting theaters, TVs, and tablets each season, it’s becoming harder for
entertainment advertisers to break through the noise. The key to being heard
in a competitive environment like entertainment is utilizing a full-funnel
marketing approach to reach viewers across multiple channels. Platforms like
Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat, and Twitter are all a big part of
nearly everyone’s daily online activities, yet each one serves a unique
purpose. To execute a successful multi-platform campaign, marketers need to
know how to customize strategy and creative for each platform. Here are tips
on how to use the features and formats of each platform to reach viewers and
drive tune-in. Facebook Whether you’re driving awareness to a movie or a
series, Facebook allows entertainment advertisers to tap into key audiences
that align with the thematic pillars of a feature. The Facebook Audience
Insights tool can find users interested in specific topics, like actors or
genres, and create audiences to target. Identify interests on Facebook that
index high with actors in your upcoming movie or show and build audiences
based on those interests. To make the biggest impact on Facebook, start with a
number of Reach and Frequency campaigns introducing the trailer and key
characters to drive awareness at least two months prior to a premiere. As the
premiere date approaches, tease fans with exclusive sneak peeks and behind-
the-scenes content, then remind them to tune-in with Facebook Messenger Ads.
Instagram Time spent watching video on Instagram is up more than 80% year-
over-year, and the number of videos on the platform has quadrupled. The
emergence of innovative mobile video formats like Instagram Stories and
Instagram Live has created a huge opportunity for entertainment advertisers to
connect with their audiences, whether on-the-go or in-the-moment. The first
step in achieving success on Instagram is starting with creative made
specifically for the platform. One of the year’s biggest movies, La La Land,
identified Instagram video ads as the perfect medium to drive awareness. They
produced a series of thumb-stopping videos specifically for Instagram, made to
capture the attention of younger users. Customizing creative for the platform
resulted in significant lifts in both ad recall and movie-viewing intent. When
executing video campaigns on Instagram, cut clips from your feature with the
Instagram user experience in mind, optimizing for vertical video and using
text overlays to capture sound-off attention too. Pinterest While CPG, retail,
and travel advertisers have leveraged Pinterest since it entered the ad space
in 2013, entertainment brands are just now beginning see how they can use the
platform to drive awareness. Promoted Video with Autoplay is a great way for
TV and film advertisers to capitalize on interested Pinners during the pre-
premiere awareness phase. 61% of users enjoy watching videos from brands on
Pinterest, which means that an eye-catching trailer clip optimized for the
Pinterest feed will be well-received by users. Branded content on Pinterest is
credible and actionable, so Pinners are expecting to hear from businesses.
Take advantage of the visual platform by drawing users in with behind-the-
scenes footage, movie trivia, or cast interviews. Vibrant video clips
formatted for Pinterest will stand out amongst the user-generated content on
the platform. Snapchat Snap Ads offer entertainment advertisers a unique way
to reach new and returning viewers at various stages of the funnel. Snap Ads
with Long-Form Video and Web View attachments allow marketers to provide
additional video content like teasers and trailers, encouraging users to
engage further with calls-to-action like Watch, Watch Episode, Buy Tickets,
and Get Showtimes. Use Snap Ads with Attachments to engage users with full-
screen vertical content. Whether it’s introducing a season through a Long-Form
Video attachment or testing a user’s knowledge on their favorite character
with a Web View attachment, fun and interactive content is a must on Snapchat.
It’s also important to capture attention immediately by opening with a fan-
favorite star or including a logo in the first two seconds. Twitter Twitter is
a great platform to reach TV viewers before, during, and after an episode.
Because Twitter is seen as a real-time platform, users often log on to discuss
events as they occur or to seek out related content. Twitter’s TV targeting
helps networks and entertainment brands promote Tweets to people already
engaged with specific TV shows. Make use of TV targeting to find viewers
interested in your program or shows similar to yours. Get creative with
content you know will resonate with audiences that look like your target
audience by tapping into trending topics and pop culture references. You can
also use Conversational Ads with video clips and images to prompt users to
engage with your series or movie. By providing call-to-action buttons with
customizable hashtags for users to share, you’ll see expanded reach as users
tweet Conversational Ads out to their own networks too. Brand Lift With a
Multi-Platform Social Strategy An entertainment client recently came to
Adaptly to drive awareness for an upcoming season premiere. To maximize reach
and impact, we recommended a multi-platform approach that optimized creative
across channels. By targeting both new and existing fans on multiple social
platforms, the brand saw a 29-point lift in ad recall, a 23-point awareness
lift, and a 12-point increase in intent to watch. Creating a tailored strategy
and unique creative for each channel allowed Adaptly to drive awareness,
reaching users in different mindsets across social platforms. The original
article can be found on Broadcasting & Cable. Victoria Fortnum Client Strategy
Manager Victoria may not be new to the digital advertising space but she is
fresh to Adaptly. Since joining the team in January, Victoria has helped her
clients build and execute cross-channel campaigns. When she isn't in the
office, you can find her running along Chicago's beautiful lakeshore, hanging
with her adorable pup, or traveling. Office New York Share Categories Press
Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something
Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and
insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General
Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information
pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London
20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive
Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa
Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103
Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact