Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Immune
Profiling Platform Publications ﻿ Research Diagnostics immuneACCESS ﻿ Find
publications by Adaptive as well as our collaborators and partners who
leverage our technologies. PUBLICATIONS 350+ FEATURED RESEARCH PUBLICATION
Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade in high-risk resectable melanoma Nature
Medicine | Papers | October 2018 Preclinical studies suggest that treatment
with neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade is associated with enhanced
survival and antigen-specific T cell responses compared with adjuvant
treatment1; however, optimal regimens have not been defined. Here we report
results from a randomized phase 2 study of neoadjuvant nivolumab versus
combined ipilimumab with nivolumab in 23 patients with high-risk resect- able
melanoma (NCT02519322). RECIST overall response rates (ORR), pathologic
complete response rates (pCR), treatment-related adverse events (trAEs) and
immune correlates of response were assessed. Treatment with combined
ipilimumab and nivolumab yielded high response rates (RECIST ORR 73%, pCR 45%)
but substantial toxicity (73% grade 3 trAEs), whereas treatment with nivolumab
monother- apy yielded modest responses (ORR 25%, pCR 25%) and low toxicity (8%
grade 3 trAEs). Immune correlates of response were identified, demonstrating
higher lymphoid infiltrates in responders to both therapies and a more clonal
and diverse T cell infiltrate in responders to nivolumab monotherapy. These
results describe the feasibility of neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade in
melanoma and emphasize the need for additional studies to optimize treatment
regimens and to validate putative biomarkers. LATEST PUBLICATIONS Application
Autoimmunity/Inflammatory Disease Basic Immunology Biomarker Discovery Disease
Diagnosis Hematology Hematology/Oncology Immunodeficiency Immunotherapy
Infectious Disease Inflammatory Disease Methodology Oncology Response to
Therapeutics Solid Tumor Therapeutic Discovery Transplantation Vaccine T cells
from hemophilia A subjects recognize the same HLA-restricted FVIII epitope
with a narrow TCR repertoire Expand Authors & Affiliates Ruth A. Ettinger,1
Pedro Paz,2 Eddie A. James,3 Devi Gunasekera,1,4 Fred Aswad,2 Arthur R.
Thompson,1,5 Dana C. Matthews,6,7 and Kathleen P. Pratt1,4,5 1 Bloodworks
Northwest Research Institute, Seattle, WA; 2 Bayer Healthcare, South San
Francisco, CA; 3 Benaroya Research Institute, Seattle, WA; 4 Uniformed
Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD; 5 Division of
Hematology, Department Medicine, and 6 Pediatric Hematology/ Oncology,
University of Washington, Seattle, WA; and 7 Blood Disorders Program, Seattle
Children’s Hospital, Seattle, WA Expand Summary Factor VIII
(FVIII)–neutralizing antibodies (“inhibitors”) are a serious problem in
hemophilia A (HA). The aim of this study was to characterize HLA-restricted
T-cell responses from a severe HA subject with a persistent inhibitor and from
2 previously studied mild HA inhibitor subjects. Major histocompatibility
complex II tetramers corresponding to both of the severe HA subject’s HLA-DRA-
DRB1 alleles were loaded with peptides spanning FVIII-A2, C1, and C2 domains.
Interestingly, only 1 epitope was identified, in peptide FVIII2194-2213, and
it was identical to the HLA-DRA*01-DRB1*01:01- restricted epitope recognized
by the mild HA subjects. Multiple T-cell clones and polyclonal lines having
different avidities for the peptide-loaded tetramer were isolated from all
subjects. Only high- and medium-avidity T cells proliferated and secreted
cyto- kines when stimulated with FVIII2194-2213. T-cell receptor b (TCRB) gene
sequencing of 15 T-cell clones from the severe HA subject revealed that all
high-avidity clones expressed the same TCRB gene. High-throughput
immunosequencing of high-, medium-, and low-avidity cells sorted from a severe
HA polyclonal line revealed that 94% of the high-avidity cells expressed the
same TCRB gene as the high-avidity clones. TCRB sequencing of clones and lines
from the mild HA subjects also identified a limited TCRB gene repertoire.
These results suggest a limited number of epitopes in FVIII drive inhibitor
responses and that the T-cell repertoires of FVIII-responsive T cells can be
quite narrow. The limited diversity of both epitopes and TCRB gene usage
suggests that targeting of specific epitopes and/or T-cell clones may be a
promising approach to achieve tolerance to FVIII. Ettinger et al. Blood Papers
October 2018 Hematology/Oncology Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade in
high-risk resectable melanoma Expand Authors & Affiliates Rodabe N. Amaria1,
Sangeetha M. Reddy2, Hussein A. Tawbi1, Michael A. Davies1, Merrick I. Ross3,
Isabella C. Glitza1, Janice N. Cormier3, Carol Lewis4, Wen-Jen Hwu1, Ehab
Hanna4, Adi Diab1, Michael K. Wong1, Richard Royal3, Neil Gross4, Randal
Weber4, Stephen Y. Lai4, Richard Ehlers3, Jorge Blando5, Denái R. Milton6,
Scott Woodman1, Robin Kageyama7, Danny K. Wells7, Patrick Hwu1, Sapna P.
Patel1, Anthony Lucci3, Amy Hessel4, Jeffrey E. Lee3, Jeffrey Gershenwald3,
Lauren Simpson1, Elizabeth M. Burton3, Liberty Posada1, Lauren Haydu3, Linghua
Wang8, Shaojun Zhang8, Alexander J. Lazar 9, Courtney W. Hudgens 9,
Vancheswaran Gopalakrishnan3, Alexandre Reuben3, Miles C. Andrews3, Christine
N. Spencer8, Victor Prieto9, Padmanee Sharma5,10, James Allison5, Michael T.
Tetzlaff9,11 and Jennifer A. Wargo3,8 1Department of Melanoma Medical
Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. 2Department of Breast
Medical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. 3Department of
Surgical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. 4Department of
Head and Neck Surgery, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
5Department of Immunology, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
6Department of Biostatistics, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
7Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy, San Francisco, CA, USA.
8Department of Genomic Medicine, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
9Department of Pathology, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
10Department of Genitourinary Cancers, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX,
USA. 11Department of Translational and Molecular Pathology, MD Anderson Cancer
Center, Houston, TX, USA. Expand Summary Preclinical studies suggest that
treatment with neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade is associated with
enhanced survival and antigen-specific T cell responses compared with adjuvant
treatment1; however, optimal regimens have not been defined. Here we report
results from a randomized phase 2 study of neoadjuvant nivolumab versus
combined ipilimumab with nivolumab in 23 patients with high-risk resect- able
melanoma (NCT02519322). RECIST overall response rates (ORR), pathologic
complete response rates (pCR), treatment-related adverse events (trAEs) and
immune correlates of response were assessed. Treatment with combined
ipilimumab and nivolumab yielded high response rates (RECIST ORR 73%, pCR 45%)
but substantial toxicity (73% grade 3 trAEs), whereas treatment with nivolumab
monother- apy yielded modest responses (ORR 25%, pCR 25%) and low toxicity (8%
grade 3 trAEs). Immune correlates of response were identified, demonstrating
higher lymphoid infiltrates in responders to both therapies and a more clonal
and diverse T cell infiltrate in responders to nivolumab monotherapy. These
results describe the feasibility of neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade in
melanoma and emphasize the need for additional studies to optimize treatment
regimens and to validate putative biomarkers. Amaria et al. Nature Medicine
Papers October 2018 Solid Tumor CD4+T cells mediate protection against Zika
associated severe disease in a mouse model of infection Expand Authors &
Affiliates Mariah Hassert1, Kyle J. Wolf1, Katherine E. Schwetye2, Richard J.
DiPaolo1, James D. Brien1, Amelia K. Pinto1 1Department of Molecular
Microbiology and Immunology, Saint Louis University, St Louis, Missouri,
United States of America, 2Department of Pathology, Saint Louis University,
St. Louis, Missouri, United States of America Expand Summary Zika virus (ZIKV)
has gained worldwide attention since it emerged, and a global effort is
underway to understand the correlates of protection and develop diagnostics to
identify rates of infection. As new therapeutics and vaccine approaches are
evaluated in clinical trials, additional effort is focused on identifying the
adaptive immune correlates of protection against ZIKV disease. To aid in this
endeavor we have begun to dissect the role of CD4+T cells in the protection
against neuroinvasive ZIKV disease. We have identified an important role for
CD4+T cells in protection, demonstrating that in the absence of CD4+T cells
mice have more severe neurological sequela and significant increases in viral
titers in the central nervous system (CNS). The transfer of CD4+T cells from
ZIKV immune mice protect type I interferon receptor deficient animals from a
lethal challenge; showing that the CD4+T cell response is necessary and
sufficient for control of ZIKV disease. Using a peptide library spanning the
complete ZIKV polyprotein, we identified both ZIKV-encoded CD4+T cell epitopes
that initiate immune responses, and ZIKV specific CD4+T cell receptors that
recognize these epitopes. Within the ZIKV antigen-specific TCRβ repertoire, we
uncovered a high degree of diversity both in response to a single epitope and
among different mice respond- ing to a CD4+T cell epitope. Overall this study
identifies a novel role for polyfunctional and polyclonal CD4+T cells in
providing protection against ZIKV infection and highlights the need for
vaccines to develop robust CD4+T cell responses to prevent ZIKV neuroinvasion
and limit replication within the CNS. Hassert et al. Papers PLOS Pathogens
September 2018 Infectious Disease Acquired cancer resistance to combination
immunotherapy from transcriptional loss of class I HLA Expand Authors &
Affiliates K.G. Paulson1,2,3, V. Voillet2, M.S. McAfee2, D.S. Hunter2, F.D.
Wagener2, M. Perdicchio2,6, W.J. Valente2, S.J. Koelle1,2, C.D. Church1, N.
Vandeven1, H. Thomas1, A.G. Colunga1, J.G. Iyer1, C. Yee4, R. Kulikauskas1,
D.M. Koelle1,2,5, R.H. Pierce2, J.H. Bielas1,2, P.D. Greenberg1,2, S.
Bhatia1,2,3, R. Gottardo1,2, P. Nghiem1,2,3 & A.G. Chapuis1,2,3 1University of
Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. 2Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center,
Seattle, WA, USA. 3Seattle Cancer Care Alliance, Seattle, WA, USA. 4MD
Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. 5Benaroya Research Institute,
Seattle, WA, USA. Expand Summary Understanding mechanisms of late/acquired
cancer immunotherapy resistance is critical to improve outcomes; cellular
immunotherapy trials offer a means to probe complex tumor-immune interfaces
through defined T cell/antigen interactions. We treated two patients with
metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma with autologous Merkel cell polyomavirus
specific CD8+ T cells and immune-checkpoint inhibitors. In both cases,
dramatic remissions were associated with dense infiltration of activated CD8+s
into the regressing tumors. However, late relapses developed at 22 and 18
months, respectively. Here we report single cell RNA sequencing identified
dynamic transcriptional suppression of the specific HLA genes presenting the
targeted viral epitope in the resistant tumor as a consequence of intense
CD8-mediated immunologic pressure; this is distinguished from genetic HLA-loss
by its reversibility with drugs. Transcriptional suppression of Class I loci
may underlie resistance to other immunotherapies, including checkpoint
inhibitors, and have implications for the design of improved immunotherapy
treatments. Paulson et al. Nature Communications Papers September 2018
Hematology/Oncology Immunotherapy Response to Therapeutics Solid Tumor Memory
B Cells Activate Brain-Homing, Autoreactive CD4+ T Cells in Multiple Sclerosis
Expand Authors & Affiliates Ivan Jelcic,1 Faiez Al Nimer,1,2 Jian Wang,1
Verena Lentsch,1 Raquel Planas,1 Ilijas Jelcic,1 Aleksandar Madjovski,1
Sabrina Ruhrmann,2 Wolfgang Faigle,1 Katrin Frauenknecht,3 Clemencia Pinilla,4
Radleigh Santos,5 Christian Hammer,6,7 Yaneth Ortiz,1 Lennart Opitz,8 Hans
Gronlund,9 Gerhard Rogler,10 Onur Boyman,11 Richard Reynolds,12 Andreas
Lutterotti,1 Mohsen Khademi,2 Tomas Olsson,2 Fredrik Piehl,2 Mireia Sospedra,1
and Roland Martin1 1Neuroimmunology and MS Research Section (NIMS), Neurology
Clinic, University of Zurich, University Hospital Zurich, 8091 Zurich,
Switzerland 2Neuroimmunology Unit, Department of Clinical Neuroscience,
Karolinska Institutet, 17176 Stockholm, Sweden 3Institute of Neuropathology,
University of Zurich, University Hospital Zurich, 8091 Zurich, Switzerland
4Torrey Pines Institute for Molecular Studies (TPIMS), San Diego, CA, USA
5Torrey Pines Institute for Molecular Studies (TPIMS), Port St. Lucie, FL, USA
6School of Life Sciences, E cole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, 1015
Lausanne, Switzerland 7Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne,
Switzerland 8Functional Genomics Center Zurich, Swiss Federal Institute of
Technology and University of Zurich, 8057 Zurich, Switzerland 9Therapeutic
Immune Design Unit, Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Karolinska
Institutet, 17176 Stockholm, Sweden 10Department of Gastroenterology and
Hepatology, University of Zurich, University Hospital Zurich, 8091 Zurich,
Switzerland 11Department of Immunology, University of Zurich, University
Hospital Zurich, 8091 Zurich, Switzerland 12Division of Brain Sciences,
Department of Medicine, Imperial College London, London, UK Expand Summary
Multiple sclerosis is an autoimmune disease that is caused by the interplay of
genetic, particularly the HLA-DR15 haplotype, and environmental risk fac-
tors. How these etiologic factors contribute to generating an autoreactive
CD4+ T cell repertoire is not clear. Here, we demonstrate that self-
reactivity, defined as ‘‘autoproliferation’’ of peripheral Th1 cells, is
elevated in patients carrying the HLA-DR15 haplotype. Autoproliferation is
mediated by memory B cells in a HLA-DR-dependent manner. Depletion of B cells
in vitro and therapeutically in vivo by anti-CD20 effectively reduces T cell
autoproliferation. T cell receptor deep sequencing showed that in vitro
autoproliferating T cells are enriched for brain-homing T cells. Using an
unbiased epitope discovery approach, we identified RASGRP2 as target
autoantigen that is expressed in the brain and B cells. These findings will be
instrumental to address important questions regarding pathogenic B-T cell
interactions in multiple sclerosis and possibly also to develop novel
therapies. Jelcic et al. Papers September 2018 Autoimmunity/Inflammatory
Disease T cells in patients with narcolepsy target self-antigens of hypocretin
neurons Expand Authors & Affiliates Latorre D1,2, Kallweit U3,4, Armentani E1,
Foglierini M1,5, Mele F1, Cassotta A1,2, Jovic S1, Jarrossay D1, Mathis J3,
Zellini F6, Becher B7, Lanzavecchia A1, Khatami R8, Manconi M3,6, Tafti M9,
Bassetti CL10, Sallusto F11,12 1Institute for Research in Biomedicine, Faculty
of Biomedical Sciences, Università della Svizzera Italiana, Bellinzona,
Switzerland. 2Institute of Microbiology, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.
3Department of Neurology, University Hospital, Bern, Switzerland. 4Institute
of Immunology, University of Witten/Herdecke, Witten, Germany. 5Swiss
Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland. 6Sleep and Epilepsy
Center, Neurocenter of Southern Switzerland, Lugano, Switzerland. 7Institute
of Experimental Immunology, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. 8Center
for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine, Clinic Barmelweid, Barmelweid,
Switzerland. 9Department of Physiology, Faculty of Biology and Medicine,
University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland. 10Department of Neurology,
University Hospital, Bern, Switzerland. 11Institute for Research in
Biomedicine, Faculty of Biomedical Sciences, Università della Svizzera
italiana, Bellinzona, Switzerland. 12Institute of Microbiology, ETH Zurich,
Zurich, Switzerland. Expand Summary Narcolepsy is a chronic sleep disorder
caused by the loss of neurons that produce hypocretin. The close association
with HLA-DQB1*06:02, evidence for immune dysregulation and increased incidence
upon influenza vaccination together suggest that this disorder has an
autoimmune origin. However, there is little evidence of autoreactive
lymphocytes in patients with narcolepsy. Here we used sensitive cellular
screens and detected hypocretin-specific CD4+ T cells in all 19 patients that
we tested; T cells specific for tribbles homologue 2—another self-antigen of
hypocretin neurons—were found in 8 out of 13 patients. Autoreactive CD4+ T
cells were polyclonal, targeted multiple epitopes, were restricted primarily
by HLA-DR and did not cross-react with influenza antigens. Hypocretin-specific
CD8+ T cells were also detected in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid of
several patients with narcolepsy. Autoreactive clonotypes were serially
detected in the blood of the same—and even of different—patients, but not in
healthy control individuals. These findings solidify the autoimmune aetiology
of narcolepsy and provide a basis for rapid diagnosis and treatment of this
disease. Latorre et al. Nature Papers September 2018 Autoimmunity/Inflammatory
Disease Gut and Liver B Cells of Common Clonal Origin in Primary Sclerosing
Cholangitis–Inflammatory Bowel Disease Expand Authors & Affiliates Brian K.
Chung,1-4 Eva Kristine Klemsdal Henriksen,2-5 Kristin Kaasen Jørgensen,2,6 Tom
H. Karlsen,2-5 Gideon M. Hirschfield,1,7 and Evaggelia Liaskou1 1Centre for
Liver Research and National Institute for Health Research Birmingham
Biomedical Research Centre, Institute of Immunology and Immunotherapy,
University of Birmingham, Birmingham, United Kingdom; 2Norwegian PSC Research
Center, Depart- ment of Transplantation Medicine, Division of Surgery,
Inflammatory Medicine, and Transplantation, Oslo University Hospital
Rikshospi- talet, Oslo, Norway; 3Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of
Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway; 4Research Institute of Internal
Medicine, Division of Surgery, Inflammatory Medicine, and Transplantation,
Oslo University Hospital Rikshospitalet, Oslo, Norway; 5K.G. Jebsen
Inflammation Research Center, Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of
Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway; 6Department of Gastroenterology,
Akershus University Hospital, Lørenskog, Norway; 7Centre for Rare Diseases,
Institute of Translational Medicine, Birmingham Health Partners, University
Hospitals Birmingham, Birmingham, United Kingdom. Expand Summary B cells
express an antigen-specific B-cell receptor (BCR) and may contribute to liver
inflammation by recognizing shared antigens in the gut and liver. Herein, we
used high-throughput BCR sequencing of the immunoglobulin heavy chain,
specifically the complementarity-determining region 3 (CDR3), to characterize
the B-cell repertoire of freshly-frozen paired gut and liver tissue samples
from patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC) and concurrent
inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) (PSC-IBD, n = 10) and paired formalin-fixed
paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tumor-adjacent normal colon and liver tissue from
patients with colorectal liver metastases (controls, n = 10). We observed
significantly greater numbers of B cells (P < 0.01) and unique B-cell
clonotypes (P < 0.05) in gut samples compared to liver samples of patients
with PSC-IBD, whereas BCR sequences in FFPE normal gut and liver samples were
nearly absent (14 ± 5 clonotypes; mean ± SD; n = 20). In PSC-IBD, an average
of 8.3% (range, 1.6%-18.0%) of B-cell clonotypes were found to overlap paired
gut and liver samples following the exclusion of memory clonotypes reported in
the blood of healthy controls. Overlapping gut and liver clonotypes showed
stronger evidence of antigen-driven activation compared to non-overlapping
clonotypes, including shorter CDR3 lengths and higher counts of somatic
hypermutation (P < 0.0001). Conclusion: A proportion of gut and liver B cells
originate from a common clonal origin (i.e., likely to recognize the same
antigen) in patients with PSC which suggests B-cell antigens are shared across
the gut-liver axis. Chung et al. Hepatology Communications Papers August 2018
Autoimmunity/Inflammatory Disease Quantifying size and diversity of the human
T cell alloresponse Expand Authors & Affiliates Susan DeWolf,1 Boris
Grinshpun,2 Thomas Savage,1 Sai Ping Lau,1 Aleksandar Obradovic,1 Brittany
Shonts,1 Suxiao Yang,1 Heather Morris,1 Julien Zuber,1 Robert Winchester,3
Megan Sykes,1 and Yufeng Shen4 1Center for Translational Immunology,
Department of Medicine, 2Department of Systems Biology, 3Division of
Rheumatology, Department of Medicine, and 4Department of Systems Biology and
Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University Medical Center, New York, New
York, USA. Expand Summary Alloreactive T lymphocytes are the primary mediators
of immune responses in transplantation, both in the graft-versus-host and
host-versus-graft directions. While essentially all clones comprising the
human T cell repertoire have been selected on self-peptide presented by self–
human leukocyte antigens (self-HLAs), much remains to be understood about the
nature of clones capable of responding to allo-HLA molecules. Quantitative
tools to study these cells are critical to understand fundamental features of
this important response; however, the large size and diversity of the
alloreactive T cell repertoire in humans presents a great technical challenge.
We have developed a high-throughput T cell receptor (TCR) sequencing approach
to characterize the human alloresponse. We present a statistical method to
model T cell clonal frequency distribution and quantify repertoire diversity.
Using these approaches, we measured the diversity and frequency of distinct
alloreactive CD4+ and CD8+ T cell populations in HLA-mismatched responder-
stimulator pairs. Our findings indicate that the alloimmune repertoire is
highly specific for a given pair of individuals, that most alloreactive clones
circulate at low frequencies, and that a high proportion of TCRs is likely
able to recognize alloantigens. DeWolf et al. JCI Insight Papers August 2018
Transplantation Identification and Analysis of Islet Antigen–Specific CD8+ T
Cells with T Cell Libraries Expand Authors & Affiliates Hideki Ogura,* Paula
Preston-Hurlburt,* Ana Luisa Perdigoto,† Matthew Amodio,‡ Smita Krishnaswamy,‡
Pamela Clark,* Hua Yu,* Dieter Egli,x Alexandra Fouts,+ Andrea K. Steck,+ and
Kevan C. Herold*,† *Department of Immunobiology, Yale University, New Haven,
CT 06520; †Department of Internal Medicine, Yale University, New Haven, CT
06520; ‡Department of Genetics and of Computer Science, Yale University, New
Haven, CT 06520; xNaomi Berrie Diabetes Center, Division of Molecular
Genetics, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032; +Barbara Davis Center for
Childhood Diabetes, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO
80045 Expand Summary Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is most likely caused by killing of
β cells by autoreactive CD8+ T cells. Methods to isolate and identify these
cells are limited by their low frequency in the peripheral blood. We analyzed
CD8+ T cells, reactive with diabetes Ags, with T cell libraries and further
characterized their phenotype by CyTOF using class I MHC tetramers. In the
libraries, the frequency of islet Ag-specific CD45RO+IFN-γ+CD8+ T cells was
higher in patients with T1D compared with healthy control subjects. Ag-
specific cells from the libraries of patients with T1D were reactive with
ZnT8186-194, whereas those from healthy control recognized ZnT8186-194 and
other Ags. ZnT8186-194-reactive CD8+cells expressed an activation phenotype in
T1D patients. We found TCR sequences that were used in multiple library wells
from patients with T1D, but these sequences were private and not shared
between individuals. These sequences could identify the Ag-specific T cells on
a repeated draw, ex vivo in the IFN-γ+ CD8+ T cell subset. We conclude that
CD8+ T cell libraries can identify Ag-specific T cells in patients with T1D.
The T cell clonotypes can be tracked in vivo with identification of the TCR
gene sequences. Ogura et al. Journal of Immunology Papers August 2018
Autoimmunity/Inflammatory Disease 1 2 … 37 38 Next Corporate/Research (855)
466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses