News No, HP Will Not Be Selling Autonomy or EDS or Anything Else Published on
January 16, 2013 by Arik Hesseldahl Hewlett-Packard is receiving plenty of
interest from potential buyers of its Autonomy software and EDS IT services
business units. But they’re all getting the very same answer from CEO Meg
Whitman: Thanks, but no thanks. Dow Jones just reported minutes ago that HP is
receiving “expressions of interest” from potential buyers. But according to
sources familiar with the matter, HP receives such incoming interest on a
regular basis. However, the normal flow of incoming interest, these sources
say, has picked up in recent weeks in the wake of two developments. First, the
rumors, since confirmed, that HP rival Dell is in advanced talks to go private
in a leveraged buyout, spurred additional interest, primarily from other
technology companies as well as private equity firms, in buying either unit or
both. “Dell has everyone in a tizzy,” one source said. The second and more
important development is new language found in HP’s most recent 10-K filing
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, first sniffed out by
Bloomberg News, saying the company continues to “evaluate the potential
disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us meet our
objectives.” That language, sources say, was inserted in the latest filing at
the insistence of HP’s lawyers and doesn’t reflect Whitman’s view, which she
has reiterated often, that HP will remain intact as a single entity. The
sources stressed that Whitman’s view on this is unchanged: Her turnaround plan
calls for every significant business unit inside HP to remain part of HP. The
sources also said that recent rumors suggesting that HP had quietly set up
“working teams” to assess the sale of certain assets are not true. “We get
incoming on this sort of thing almost every day. We may even take some calls
or meetings, but every time the answer is the same: No,” one source told me.
Whatever the case, HP shareholders like the rumor: HP shares rose nearly 4
percent to $17.15 on the news. Return to: No, HP Will Not Be Selling Autonomy
or EDS or Anything Else URL: http://allthingsd.com/20130116/no-hp-will-not-be-
selling-autonomy-or-eds-or-anything-else/ Brought to you by The Wall Street
Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.