WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Exclusive: Facebook and Skype Readying Deep
Integration Partnership September 29, 2010 at 12:34 am PT Tweet Share Print
You didn’t think Facebook would integrate with Google (GOOG) Voice, did you?
Actually, according to sources close to the situation, Facebook and Skype are
poised to announce a significant and wide-ranging partnership that will
include integration of SMS, voice chat and Facebook Connect. The move by the
pair–which have tested small contact importer integrations before–is a natural
one for the social networking giant, which is aiming to be the central
communications and messaging platform for its users, across a range of media.
Facebook’s goal, according to sources: To mesh communications and community
more tightly together and add more tools to allow users to do so. Since it was
not going to create an Internet telephony service of its own–kind of like not
creating a mobile operating system–Facebook has apparently turned to the Web’s
Internet telephony leader. Interestingly, Facebook has previously tested a
video chat product. Skype had 124 million people using it at least once a
month and 560 million registered users, which will be bolstered by the 500
million Facebook users who will now be able to use it more seamlessly within
Skype. That will include allowing users to SMS and call Facebook friends from
Skype, which will now deploy Facebook Connect. And also do video chat using
Facebook in Skype, which you can see below, in a very odd screenshot sent to
me by a source–Walt Mossberg’s code name is not Daniel Matthews and I am not
Allison Brown. (Click on the image to make it larger.) This all will be
available in Skype’s newest version, 5.0, which emerges from beta in a few
weeks. This is a big win for the Luxembourg-based Skype, which is currently
readying a public offering. While it now dominates the online calling space,
it needs to be present where users are now moving, such as Facebook. And for
Facebook, this is also helpful to its international push, making it more
appealing globally since Skype is much more popular outside the U.S. It will
be interesting to see if both cross-integrate into their popular mobile apps
too. Facebook has been doing a lot of integrations with other communications
services, such as a massive upcoming one with Yahoo (YHOO) and also one with
Microsoft (MSFT). Skype is also increasing its partnerships. Today, for
example, it will announce a deal with Avaya, which makes office phones and
related software aimed at businesses. The pair called it a “strategic unified
communications and collaboration partnership,” and is centered on business and
personal videoconferencing. Tagged with: 5.0, Allison Brown, app, Avaya, beta,
BoomTown, business, call, Chat, code name, collaboration, communications,
community, contact importer, Daniel Matthews, deal, digital, exclusive,
Facebook, Facebook Connect, global, Google, Google Voice, image, integration,
international, Internet, Kara Swisher, Luxembourg, messaging, Microsoft,
Office, operating system, partnership, personal, phone, platform, product,
public offering, registered, screenshot, service, Skype, SMS, social
networking, software, telephony, tool, user, video, videoconferencing, voice
chat, Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT
Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1
… December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There’s a lot of attention and PR around Marissa, but their product
lineup just kind of blows.— Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the
September issue of Vogue Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version