WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Seven Questions for Dell Enterprise Head
Marius Haas and Software Head John Swainson October 19, 2012 at 11:06 am PT
Tweet Share Print Though its share price doesn’t quite indicate it, Dell has
been a company on the move lately. CEO Michael Dell has been leading a
headlong charge to transform his company, long known primarily for its
personal computer business, into the enterprise business. Years ago, Dell’s
focus had been on selling as many PCs as possible, but with that business now
generally in decline, the mission is now about taking that experience of
selling PCs and servers and to build, in part via acquisitions but also
organically, a sizable enterprise business that aims to compete with Hewlett-
Packard and IBM in selling combinations of enterprise hardware, software and
services to big corporations. The transformation is still getting under way,
and last month Dell hired Marius Haas, the former head of Hewlett-Packard’s
networking business to run its Enterprise division. Yesterday, at an event in
San Francisco, Dell announced the latest step in its battle to win more of
this business. Its Active Systems family of products is Dell’s answer to the
converged infrastructure trend that’s hitting the IT industry. In recent weeks
we’ve seen IBM talk about its Pure Systems line of products, while Oracle has
talked about its Exa- line of Engineered Systems hardware. And Cisco Systems
has its Unified Computing and Servers. The aim of all of them is pretty
straightforward: Get all the needed parts of IT infrastructure together in one
piece that’s easy to deploy and operate, and also easy to sell in one go. A
few days ago, I caught up with Haas and also with John Swainson, the new-ish
head of Dell’s Software division, to talk about their respective parts in the
ongoing process of transforming Dell. AllThingsD: So, with Active Systems it
sounds like you’re combining a lot of diverse pieces together into a single
product. Swainson: Customers want all the pieces of hardware. This is a clear
trend we’re seeing in the industry. They want not just the compute and
networking parts. They want the storage in there, too. They want the ability
to manage these things, and they want the ability to scale it up and down.
Scalability is often a euphemism for ‘you can make it really big.’ But some of
the benefits are being able to make them reasonably small, so that smaller
users, who want smaller computing environments, get the same benefits. That
seems to fit with a broader theme that I’m hearing from other companies.
Customers want their IT simplified so they don’t have to deal with so many
vendors and parts that don’t always work together well. Swainson: Simplicity
is not having to do systems integration. But it’s also having a system that’s
automated, that’s intuitive, and human beings can sit down and figure out how
to set these things up, and how to provision your workloads. I think you’re
going to continue to see us focus on the usability aspects of systems
management. My thesis is that customers don’t want to buy hardware or software
or servies. What they want to buy is a computing solution to a business
problem. To the extent that you can make it easier to use, the better off
you’ll be. The second thesis I have is that stuff that’s easier to use gets
used more. So you’re targeting a wider range of users, you get to sell into a
broader base of customers. A lot of our competitors have retrofitted their
bespoke solutions into these packages, and if you scratch, say, one level
down, you’re going to find the complexity is still there. Haas: Some of the
key things in our strategy is the modular approach; what John was talking
about is key. This whole notion of intelligent orchestration. It delivers
unparalleled ease of use, and we’ve got it across the entire product family.
We’ve taken an end-to-end soluttions approach which brings together the
performance and the agility, so we can optimize both on price and performance,
but also on operational efficiency. And we think we’re the only ones who can
do it. And it’s all built on the open-innovation philosophy, so there’s no
lock-in for customers. It’s easy to scale up, scale out and scale down. So,
Marius, tell me how the enterprise business looks right now. I talked with
your boss, Michael Dell, in July, about the plan to reengineer Dell as an
enterprise-focused company, and your hiring last month seemed to be a big step
in that direction. Understanding that you’re still pretty new on the job, what
are you seeing as you look ahead? Haas: This is purely a look back, but the
momentum we’re seeing is great. Last quarter, we outpaced the competitors
we’re seeing in every area we compete in. Servers, storage, networking and
services, and John now has a much bigger portfolio with the closing of the
deal for Quest. Organic growth was 39 percent in networking, and 90 percent if
you include the Force 10 acquisition, where others were in single digits. We
had server growth of 8 percent. We were the only one that had both positive
unit share and revenue growth in servers and share gain. Everyone else was
negative. And in storage, if you look at the Dell-owned IP storage, we were up
6 percent and the others were up less — EMC about 3 percent, and minus-7
percent at NetApp. If you look at the core modular peices of the architecture,
we’re doing extremely well. Add in support and the options business, it grew
12 percent year over year. When you think the market is growing roughly flat
to 1 or 2 percent. Now what we’re doing is saying to the marketplace that we
know the trend is toward convergence. We know that the simplicity and ease of
use in being able to deploy workloads without having to worry about how the
infrastructure works together is very key. We estimate about 20 to 30 percent
of all the IT spend will be on converged systems by 2015, so that’s just
around the corner. So we’re making sure that we’re marching in that direction,
and building off a core set of capabilities that are winning in the market.
How big is the enterprise business by revenue? Haas: The part we break out is
Enterprise Serviecs and Solutions, and it grew 6 percent, to $4.9 billion,
last quarter, so it’s about a $20 billion business annually, or about 30
percent of annual revenue. But it represents about 50 percent of gross margin.
The part that I’ve got — the Enterprise part, the servers, storage networking
and converged infrastructure — Steve Schuckenbrock has services, and John has
software. We are embarking on what looks like the new Dell enterprise, and are
charged with transforming the company. Marius, I recently noticed John setting
some aggressive goals for himself in the software business. I’m curious if
you’ve got goals of your own that you’d like to share? Swainson: I said two
things: My short term goal is $2 billion in revenue by 2016. Today, we’re at
about a billion and a half. That will be our run rate at year end. That’s not
highly unrealistic. The longer-term goal, and I don’t have a time frame on it,
is to reach the $5 billion range. If you calibrate the business versus the
other pieces of Dell, to balance things out, it should be about a $4 billion
or $5 billion business, something like that. Marius, let’s put you on the
spot. Any goals like John’s? Haas: I think what I’ll tell you is that we’re
extremely bullish on our position in the market. We certainly have goals to
grow faster than the market, anywhere from two to five times as fast as the
market, depending on the segment. And what we’re doing is positioning
ourselves to take advantage of the some of the transitions that are happening,
and we have a great value proposition to do so. You’re feeling bullish, when
others — and of course I’m referring to Hewlett-Packard — are having
difficulties right now. Is right now the time to maybe try to go and take some
share from HP? Haas: Let me just tell you two data points. You can see it in
our results. We are taking share from almost all our competitors that we
compete with on the entperprise side. The other is — and this is a survey that
just came from Morgan Stanley, it’s a forward-looking spend analysis, asking
CIOs if they expect to spend more, the same or less with different IT vendors.
And in servers and storage, they said they were willing to spend two to four
times as much as they were with our competitors. So that’s a nice leading
indicator of the mentality of the CIO about the value proposition that Dell as
a whole is providing. We have an enormous loyalty base in our midmarket
customer set. In many cases, we are their IT organization. They trust us to
bring them the right solutions to help them grow their business and scale
their business at the right performance and price points. That is a great
platform for us to deliver solutions that scale up but come in at entry points
they can absorb quickly. Tagged with: Cisco Systems, Dell, enterprise
hardware, enterprise software, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, John Swainson, Marius
Haas, Michael Dell, networking, Oracle, servers, services, Seven Questions,
software, Steve Schuckenbrock, stroage Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version