Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How Virtual Reality and
Social Media Is Impacting Advertising Reading Time: 3 Minutes While it’s safe
to say that the technological development of virtual reality (VR) is
accelerating, one has to wonder when, or if, it will really be taking off. On
the one hand, hardware has finally become affordable. The latest Samsung Gear
VR headset is retailing for around £75, and Facebook’s Oculus Rift is
available for £370 – less than the cost of an iPhone. Headset sales are also
on the rise: A recent study found that 6% of the British population currently
owns some form of virtual reality headwear. This might not sound like a lot,
but at the equivalent time, after widespread release, tablets had only
achieved a 3% market penetration. Today tablets are so ubiquitous, we take
them for granted. According to Jitesh Ubrani, senior research analyst for
IDC’s Mobile Device Trackers, the challenge isn’t the hardware as such but
“the slow growth in content that appeals to a mass audience.” He might very
well be right. When it comes to virtual reality content, many of us are still
thinking about worlds populated by three-dimensional models. If we play
videogames, we can’t help but see virtual reality as an outgrowth of first-
person shooter games like Doom and Halo. And with budgets in the tens of
millions, the example of expensive, top tier gaming titles does not give much
hope for large-scale content creation. But the fact is, outside of gaming, it
is video that will drive virtual reality adoption. It is not that hard to
imagine that VR might soon do to video what video did to photography. Photos
are still effective for engaging people on social media and other digital
channels, but it’s videos that most grab people’s attention and prepare
customers to invest in a product or experience. Digital marketing expert James
McQuivey estimates that a single minute of video content is the equivalent of
1.8 million words. It has even been shown that 4x as many consumers prefer
watching a video about a product to reading about the same item. In the near
future, as VR becomes more commonplace, standard video formats won’t be
enough. Customers will crave more immersion and will naturally be drawn to
brands that offer it. In March this year, Facebook launched its first
dedicated virtual reality application, Facebook 360, serving as a hub for all
360 video and photo content that is posted to the platform. At the time of the
release, the social network claimed that it was already home to over one
million videos and 25 million photos in a 360 format. The figure is likely to
increase rapidly going forward, as Facebook’s iOS and Android apps can now
capture 360-degree photos without the help of a third-party application or an
extra device. Our experience of running video campaigns – including 360 video
campaigns – provides some indication of who will want to start exploring these
innovations. Much like 360, virtual reality will find a place in advertising
for high-ticket products and experiences. The travel industry, for example, is
challenged with selling pricey experiences to customers who can’t sample what
they’re about to buy. Formats such as virtual reality will let holidaymakers
experience vacation destinations before they even make the booking. Simply
put, the more people are going to spend on a service or item, the more they
will want to experience it beforehand. The “ability to touch, feel and try
products” is cited by 80% of global consumers as the number one reason for
shopping in brick-and-mortar outlets. As virtual reality continues to evolve,
ecommerce retailers will be able to leverage these formats to reach hesitant
audiences in a digital space, creating a virtual store for shoppers to explore
online. We predict a lower entry price point for VR eventually. Use of virtual
reality for social is still in its infancy, but one thing is certain: savvy
advertisers will want to track innovations that make 360 video more immersive
and interactive. As social platforms increasingly begin to pursue their own
hardware, such as Oculus and Snapchat’s Spectacles, we will see the birth of
new formats and types of experiences. This will ultimately create more
advertising opportunities for brands. The original article can be found on
Marketing Gazette. Rob Kabrovski VP of Accounts Rob has over six years'
experience in digital marketing and a strong background in running both
branding and DR paid social campaigns. He was highly commended as the ‘hotshot
rising star’ at the Performance Marketing Awards 2015. As VP of Accounts for
Adaptly EMEA, he is currently focusing his efforts on developing long-term,
strategic partnerships with brands, agencies and platform partners. Office
London Share Categories Press Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download
Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the
latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments
Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599,
ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17
New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX
Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th
Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact