Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Innovation
Leader, Diego Miralles, M.D., Joins Adaptive Biotechnologies as President of
Adaptive Therapeutics 03/15/2016 SEATTLE, Wa., Adaptive Biotechnologies, the
leader in next generation sequencing (NGS) and expert bioinformatics to
profile T- and B-cell receptors of the adaptive immune system, announces the
appointment of Diego Miralles, M.D., as President of Adaptive Therapeutics.
Most recently Dr. Miralles was the Global Head, Johnson & Johnson Innovation
where he established the Johnson & Johnson Innovation Centers, JLABS, and
Janssen Healthcare Innovation. Dr. Miralles will build the Therapeutics
Division of Adaptive, and head the Company’s efforts to leverage its best-in-
class platform for identifying T- and B-cell receptors for use in therapies
that will directly impact patient outcomes. In addition, Dr. Miralles will
provide both scientific and commercial guidance to the existing and future
programs and partnerships that Adaptive is implementing. “Diego has an
extensive scientific and pharmaceutical background and a strong reputation in
leading and developing innovative drugs and businesses,” said Chad Robins,
President, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Adaptive Biotechnologies.
“We are looking forward to his experienced insight and strong leadership as he
builds clinically impactful therapeutic programs for Adaptive. I truly believe
that Diego’s enthusiasm, scientific intellect, executive-level leadership,
personal industry relationships and drug development experience will help
propel Adaptive to the next level.” “Adaptive’s ground-breaking technology has
created a substantial opportunity in the broad immune-based therapeutics
space,” said Dr. Miralles. “I am passionate about the potential to positively
impact patient outcomes and I am excited about the biological possibilities
that such a technology enables. I see this as a great chance to make a
difference to patients with currently unaddressed medical needs.” Dr. Miralles
joined Johnson & Johnson in 2005 as VP of Clinical Development at Tibotec in
Belgium where he was involved in the development and approval of PREZISTA® and
INTELENCE®, among several other drugs in the portfolio. He was a world leader
in HIV therapeutics. In 2008, he moved back to the U.S. to head the Janssen
Research and Early Development unit in La Jolla, California. Under his
leadership, the La Jolla site has become a center of the life sciences
community in San Diego. Dr. Miralles also founded and launched the JLABS
incubator in 2012 for start-up life science entrepreneurs, a model that has
been replicated in six locations across North America, and was instrumental in
developing and launching Johnson & Johnson’s Innovation center model in 2013.
Prior to Johnson & Johnson, Dr. Miralles held R&D; positions at Trimeris and
Triangle Pharmaceuticals and was an Assistant Professor at Duke University
Medical Center, where he was a scientist and an Infectious Disease physician,
with a focus on HIV. He is currently an Adjunct Professor in the Department of
Pharmacology at the University of California San Diego. Dr. Miralles received
his M.D. degree from the Universidad de Buenos Aires, Argentina and completed
his internal medicine residency at the Mayo Clinic, and was a fellow in
Infectious Diseases at Cornell University-New York Hospital. About Adaptive
Therapeutics Adaptive Therapeutics is a new division of Adaptive
Biotechnologies focused on the application of the Company’s proprietary
technologies to pair T- and B-cell receptor chains together at high throughput
and to determine the antigen-specificity of these receptors for therapeutic
discovery. Adaptive is exploring many potential therapeutic applications
including adoptive cell therapy, passive immunization, novel target discovery,
and antibody engineering. About Adaptive Biotechnologies® Adaptive
Biotechnologies is the pioneer and leader in combining high-throughput
sequencing and expert bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors.
Adaptive is bringing the accuracy and sensitivity of its immunosequencing
platform into laboratories around the world to drive groundbreaking research
in cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive also translates
immunosequencing discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic
development to improve patient care. For more information please visit
adaptivebiotech.com. CONTACT: Adaptive Biotechnologies April Falcone
206-939-3835 media@adaptivebiotech.com Adaptive’s ground-breaking technology
has created a substantial opportunity in the broad immune-based therapeutics
space. Previous Press Release Pfizer Enters into Translational Research
Collaboration with Adaptive Biotechnologies to Help Advance Novel Immuno-
Oncology Solutions 01/08/2016 Next Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies
Welcomes Charles Sang as Senior Vice President of Diagnostics 04/11/2016
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses