WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski BlackBerry PlayBook: Looks
Good on Paper, But… February 2, 2011 at 3:50 am PT Tweet Share Print The
PlayBook’s hardware specs might beat anything on the market, its QNX OS might
be rock solid and its “Web fidelity” might outshine that of the iPad, but
Research in Motion’s forthcoming “professional tablet” will be poorly received
when it finally ships. This according to Wedge Partners analyst Brian Blair,
who believes the device to be signifigantly flawed and claims it will be “dead
on arrival.” A scathing appraisal, but Blair has his reasons. The PlayBook’s
lack of native calendar and email applications, a core RIM strength that has
oddly been left out of the device’s first iteration. The need to tether it to
a BlackBerry to access those applications, a feature intended to appeal to
enterprise by obviating the need for additional security measures, but one
that will inevitably alientate non-BlackBerry users. A profound lack of
applications and a sub-par application storefront. No easy mechanism for
content delivery and consumption. “How will users get music or movies on
there?” Blair asks. “Through the BlackBerry Desktop download manager? Well, we
have tried this and it isn’t easy.” (Considered drag-and-drop, Brian? Not the
most elegant solution, I know, but a solution nonetheless). These are the
makings of a sharply inferior tablet, Blair argues. To launch it in a market
alongside the likes of the iPad and its successor, as well as with forthcoming
offerings from HP’s Palm unit and Motorola, is folly. “The PlayBook demo
impresses many people, including many tech writers, and we believe it’s
because of the outstanding multitasking capability that is showcased in a
coverflow manner,” Blair concludes. “This slickly shows apps running in the
background while a main app runs in the foreground. While we agree this is a
leap over what other tablet operating systems can do, we see it as a visual
‘smoke and mirrors’ because of the aforementioned shortfalls in getting
content onto the device, offering limited applications, and excluding a native
email application. In short, the PlayBook’s screen and hardware specs and
multitasking capability look excellent on paper, but without the other pieces
to the puzzle, it feels in many ways like an expensive web browser.” Tagged
with: Apple, applications, appraisal, apps, BlackBerry, BlackBerry Feature,
Brian Blair, calendar, capability, digital, email, hardware, Hewlett-Packard,
HP, inferior, innovation, iPad, John Paczkowski, multitasking, OS, PlayBook,
QNX, Research In Motion, RIM, security, shortfalls, specs, storefront, tablet,
Wedge Partners Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders
December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49
am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT
BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am
PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05
pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version