WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Like “Sharknado,” but Bigger: Facebook Has Five Times
More TV Chatter Than Twitter July 23, 2013 at 9:00 am PT Tweet Share Print For
the past couple of years, Twitter has been making a very big deal about TV and
Twitter’s value to the TV Industrial Complex: Promote your shows on our
service, Dick Costolo and company tell the TV guys, and people will talk about
your shows on our service, and we’ll get you more eyeballs and help you keep
the ones you have. This seems to go over well with the TV guys and their
advertisers. Which is why it’s curious that Facebook hasn’t been making the
same argument. After all, lots of people talk about TV on Facebook, too,
right? Yes, they do. And now we’re getting the first inkling of a TV push from
Facebook. This comes from a new study from social TV tracker Trendrr, which
looked at Facebook TV chatter for a week in May, using data that isn’t
normally available to the public. Trendrr’s conclusion: Facebook has five
times more TV-related activity on its site than Twitter and every other social
network combined. Trendrr’s work comes with some caveats — for starters, it’s
only measuring a week — but it’s not surprising. After all, Facebook has a
billion users to Twitter’s 200 million, so that 5x ratio makes plenty of
intuitive sense. The more interesting point is that Facebook said it’s going
to start talking about all those TV talkers, sharers and thumbs-uppers. “The
reality is that a conversation is taking place around TV on Facebook at
unprecedented scale,” said Justin Osofsky, Facebook’s director of global media
partnerships. “It’s important that we help networks and advertisers understand
the full level of engagement people have with TV content on Facebook. We’re
just getting started and are committed to providing more insight into how
people are talking — and how much they’re talking — about TV shows on our
platform.” Trendrr said that Facebook TV talkers also behave differently than
those on Twitter (the other “social TV” services have very little traffic to
speak of). For instance, there is more chatter about comedies, Spanish-
language programming and dramas on Facebook, Trendrr said. Love to see the
“Sharknado” numbers. Tagged with: advertising, Dick Costolo, Facebook, Justin
Osofsky, social TV, Trendrr, Twitter Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter
While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24,
2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at
11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings.
December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug
December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on
Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20,
2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version