WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello retailers 200 posts and columns on retailers All Writers Kara
Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey Voices Sales Erode at Barnes & Noble Jeffrey A. Trachtenberg,
Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in News on November 26, 2013 at 3:40 pm PT
Barnes & Noble Inc.’s latest quarterly earnings show an erosion in sales for
both print books and e-books, casting a cloud over its long-term prospects.
Voices Best Buy Works to Get Its Website Up to Snuff Ann Zimmerman, Reporter,
The Wall Street Journal in Commerce on August 8, 2013 at 1:30 pm PT As Best
Buy Co. tries to turn around its consumer-electronics business, the retail
chain is grappling with a website that the company concedes is a throwback to
the digital Dark Ages. Voices At Sears, CEO’s Tech Focus Hasn’t Led to a
Turnaround Suzanne Kapner, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Commerce on
May 28, 2013 at 5:11 pm PT Since taking over as chief executive of Sears
Holdings Corp., billionaire hedge fund manager Edward Lampert has spoken
eagerly of overhauling the retailer to accommodate “hyper-connected” shoppers
with tablets and mobile phones. Voices Best Buy Posts Loss on Lower Revenue
Drew FitzGerald, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Commerce on May 21, 2013
at 11:50 am PT Best Buy Co. ramped up cost-cutting during its fiscal first
quarter as its retail revenue continued to slide. Online sales improved,
however. News Byte @WalmartLabs Goes Shopping, Comes Back With Two Startups
John Murrell in Commerce on May 14, 2013 at 11:35 am PT @Walmart Labs, the
tech arm of the retail giant’s e-commerce unit, announced a pair of
acquisitions today. Now on board are OneOps, which brings its platform-as-a-
service technology, and social-software outfit Tasty Labs, along with its
founders, Mozilla vet Nick Nguyen, del.icio.us creator Joshua Schachter and
HousingMaps creator Paul Rademacher. Voices Amazon Profit Falls but Margin
Widens Ben Fox Rubin, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Commerce on April
25, 2013 at 1:53 pm PT Amazon.com Inc.’s first-quarter profit declined 37
percent as the e-commerce giant continued to see its results dragged down by
its aggressive expansion plans, but gross margin widened to 26.6 percent from
24 percent. Voices Cleanup in Aisle 3: How Retailers Will Avoid Slipups in the
Digital Age Elliott Grant, Founder and Chief Technology Officer at YottaMark
in Voices on March 11, 2013 at 3:56 pm PT In the future, as more people turn
to the Internet for the bulk of their groceries, produce could make up a third
of retail grocery purchases. Voices Amazon’s Quest for Web Names Draws Foes
Greg Bensinger, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Commerce on March 11,
2013 at 7:00 am PT Large and small companies are vying for control of an array
of new Internet domain names, but Amazon.com Inc.’s plans are coming under
particular scrutiny. Voices Best Buy, Founder End Deal Talks Sharon Terlep,
Ann Zimmerman and Dana Cimilluca, Reporters, The Wall Street Journal in
Commerce on March 1, 2013 at 7:00 am PT Best Buy Co.has ended talks with
founder Richard Schulze over a deal in which he and a group of buyout firms
were proposing to take a minority stake in the firm in exchange for three
seats on the board, according to people familiar with the matter. Voices
Targeting Tech-Savvy Startups Shelly Banjo, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal
in News on February 26, 2013 at 12:55 pm PT Home Depot is the latest
traditional brick-and-mortar retailer to buy a startup and launch a
“technology lab” to try to catch up to online retailers like Amazon.com Inc.
and eBay Inc. Amazon’s Love Note to Senate Backs Sales-Tax Proposal Tricia
Duryee in Commerce, February 14, 2013 at 12:12 pm PT Nomi Raises $3 Million to
Help Retailers Fight Amazon “App and Mortar” Is One Way to Describe the Trend
in Mobile Commerce Tricia Duryee in Commerce, January 25, 2013 at 3:33 pm PT
Google’s Head of Shopping Says Company Has No Plans to Become a Retailer
Tricia Duryee in Commerce, December 20, 2012 at 7:00 am PT Walmart Discounting
iPhones and iPads With Apple’s Blessing Tricia Duryee in Commerce, December
15, 2012 at 11:10 am PT When Does Groupon — Still at More Than 80 Percent Off
— Become a Deal for Someone? Tricia Duryee in Commerce, December 11, 2012 at
2:15 pm PT Memo to Lady Staring at Her Smartphone at Target: You’re “Mobile
Shopping,” Even If You’re Not Buying Lauren Goode in Commerce, November 23,
2012 at 3:33 pm PT Amazon’s Bezos Knocking on Wood for a Record Holiday Season
Tricia Duryee in Commerce, November 16, 2012 at 3:45 pm PT Stores Bring Black
Friday to the Web Ann Zimmerman, Shelly Banjo and Dana Mattioli, Reporters,
The Wall Street Journal in Commerce, November 15, 2012 at 8:30 am PT Holiday
Spending Online Will Again See Double-Digit Increases Tricia Duryee in
Commerce, November 8, 2012 at 10:03 am PT PayPal Jumps Into Price-Matching
Greg Bensinger, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Commerce, November 1,
2012 at 2:46 pm PT Pirq Snaps Up $1.2 Million for Low-Tech Loyalty Program
Tricia Duryee in Commerce, November 1, 2012 at 5:45 am PT Best Buy Shakes Up
Management Ann Zimmerman and Joan Solsman, Reporters, The Wall Street Journal
in Commerce, October 24, 2012 at 3:44 pm PT Target to Match Online Prices,
Following Best Buy Ann Zimmerman and Elizabeth Holmes, Reporters, The Wall
Street Journal in Commerce, October 16, 2012 at 4:17 pm PT Best Buy to Match
Online Prices Ann Zimmerman, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Commerce,
October 12, 2012 at 5:00 am PT Page 1 of 812345Next...Last AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version