Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login 6 Steps to Plan Ahead for
Real-Time Activation on Social Reading Time: 4 Minutes A well-timed social
post during a live event is a great way for brands to get involved in trending
conversations as they unfold. Posting in real-time during an event positions
your brand to connect with your target audience and helps you reach engaged
users during a captivating time. As the social landscape progresses,
leveraging tent-pole events as pillars to build brand messaging has become
crucial. This strategy is proven to be effective from both a branding and
measurement study perspective. In order to make the most of real-time
opportunities on social media, advertisers need to have a comprehensive
strategy planned out ahead of time. Here are Adaptly’s 6 steps to planning a
real-time activation on social. 1\. Define “real time” and establish a
timeline The first thing you need to do is define “real time”. Is your brand
posting as situations arise, say for each big play in a sporting event? Or are
you planning on posting more loosely within the time frame of the live event,
like once a quarter? Is your primary goal connecting with viewers or simply
getting your branding campaign out there? It’s important to determine what you
want to accomplish and evaluate feasibility. Map out what’s realistic for your
team based on your staff, budget, and the amount of creative variations at
your disposal. If you have a small team working with a modest budget and only
a few creative options, you’re better off not tying your content too closely
to play-by-play action. A safer play would be tying your content to bigger-
picture outcomes and designated breaks in the event, rather than sticking
closely to play-by-play action. 2\. Identify the goal of the real-time
activation An important second step is identifying the goal of your real-time
activation. This goes beyond just getting the assets live on time, and serving
relevant content. At Adaptly we tell our clients to break the goal down into
three tiers: the business goal, the campaign goal, and the media goal. The
business goal refers to what the brand at large is trying to achieve. Forget
the tactical details and think bigger picture – what’s currently most
important to the CMO; what is your brand pushing? The campaign goal refers to
what type of awareness or impact you’re aiming to bring to the social scene.
What sentiment do you want to deliver during this live event? And the media
goal refers to the granular specifics of the activation: the objectives, ad
formats, etc. Once you know the answer to each of those goals, you will be
better equipped to execute a successful real-time campaign. 3\. Agree on a
process Our teams at Adaptly work closely with our brands and advertisers to
set up a meticulous process for real-time activations. For clients who want to
run sophisticated campaigns activated in true real-time, we often set up “war
rooms” dedicated to deploying creative at scale. In a war room, it is
important to have a designated playmaker who decides which assets should be
deployed when. The rest of the team follows the lead of that decision maker to
ensure that campaigns go off without a hitch. In terms of process planning,
it’s vital to be cognizant of the “what ifs” and potential variables that can
impact your brand. You need a contingency plan for creative that doesn’t go as
planned. Decide beforehand if you want to pause or delete underperforming
creative so there are no questions about procedure come game time. This will
reduce room for error and ensure accountability across all parties. 4\.
Identify all possible outcomes and organize assets accordingly Although live
events can be unpredictable, there are ways to plan ahead. We recommend
identifying possible outcomes or topics to post about and organizing your
creative accordingly. For example, for a live sporting event, you know that
one team is going to win, but that both teams will most likely make
conversation-worthy plays during the action. Preparing creative that speaks to
either team doing well or winning leaves you prepared for either outcome.
Prepare branding creative and messaging that is not tied to the specific event
in the case of a slow game with little action. And of course, it’s always a
good idea to have miscellaneous creative ready to go in case anything crazy
happens. Let’s face it, in today’s society it’s rare if something
unconventional and meme-worthy doesn’t happen! See below for a sample of
possible outcomes and creative variations to prepare for a sporting event: 5\.
Execute Hut, hut, hike! If you’re in a war room, bring snacks, check and
double check your internet connectivity, and be sure to have a clear game plan
laid out. Make sure everyone knows their role and stress that communication is
key. Align with your team on responsibilities stay focused. Get those assets
live! 6\. Evaluate Success After the event, it is crucial that you evaluate
your campaigns and report on any key learnings. Were you well-prepared for
real-time action? Did your timely creative resonate with viewers? Which posts
performed the best? Is there any content or any additional opportunities that
make sense for your brand to continue advertising around? Delving into how the
activation went can help you prepare for future events and fine-tune your
strategy. Need help setting up a real-time activation? Contact Adaptly now to
get started >> Andrew Boyer Account Director Andrew has been with Adaptly for
3 years, bringing his sport marketing background and passion for social media
to the ad tech industry. Known as Chef-BoyerD in the kitchen, Andrew loves to
cook and try new cuisines. He's an avid sneakerhead and enjoys football and
golfing. Office Chicago Share Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to
access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep
up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise.
Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com
212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave
South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London,
WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles
1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission
Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226
Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact