WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Web Video Doubter Mark Cuban Invests in Web Video Studio
Revision3 February 1, 2011 at 5:01 am PT Tweet Share Print Mark Cuban, Web
video skeptic? Meet Mark Cuban, Web video investor. The voluble entrepreneur
and investor, who made his fortune off Web video during the first Internet
boom, is dabbling in it again: He has put money into Revision3, the Web video
studio/network best known as the home of Diggnation. The investment was part
of a small round of funding Revision3 raised last year, which it hasn’t
disclosed until now. That wouldn’t be that noteworthy, except that Cuban,
again and again, has argued that ever-rising expectations for Web video were
overblown, and that the technology wouldn’t displace TV. Which happens to be
where Cuban is betting heavily, via his HDNet network. A very brief summary of
his argument: Internet infrastructure can’t support TV-scale viewing; Web
advertising can’t support TV-scale programming; people like TV. And some
representative blog posts where he make his case: The Great Internet Video
Lie; Why Do Internet People Think Content People Are Stupid?; The Future of TV
Is…TV. And here’s a representative counter-argument: Cable TV Is Screwd. It
was written two years ago, by Cuban’s new partner, Revision3 CEO Jim
Louderback. So what gives? Is Cuban finally backing down? Not at all, the
billionaire says. He’s merely investing in a potential source of content for
his TV network. The dollars he’s putting into Revision3 will give him what
amounts to a first look on the video site’s programming, and the chance to
turn some of it into TV shows. “I think Jim can make some money from this. I
don’t throw money away,” Cuban says via email. “But this investment really
confirms my position on web video. While Revision3 will make some money on the
web, the real money is [in] TV. And I wanted HDNet to have the option to be
that outlet.” Louderback, for his part, seems fine with a less than total
endorsement of his industry–he’s the one highlighting Cuban’s investment. “I
like to think that we’re doing some pretty innovative stuff, and [the
investment] gives him a broader visibility into that space”, he says. And
since Revision3 won’t say how much money Cuban invested in the company, or the
total size of the round–Louderback will only say that it was “relatively
immaterial” for his company–it’s impossible to gauge what any of this really
means from the outside. In related can’t-really-judge-what-this-means news:
Revision3 says its revenue, which it won’t disclose, grew 80 percent last
year, and that the company turned a profit in Q4 of 2010. Louderback defines
profitable in this instance as “EBIDTA-profitable,” and says his company
should be “solidly in the black” by the middle of this year. Tagged with:
advertising, blog, blogs, boom, content, Diggnation, digital, entertainment,
entrepreneur, funding, HDnet, Internet, investment, investor, Jim Louderback,
Mark Cuban, MediaMemo, network, Peter Kafka, posts, profit, programming,
revenue, Revision3, software, television, TV shows, video, Web Twitter Asks
You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using
Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version