WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher As Yahoo CEO Reaches Out to Top Staff, Board
Meets to Weigh “Options” (I.E., Deciding Who Gets to Take the Borked Bio
Blame) May 6, 2012 at 8:27 pm PT Tweet Share Print Even as Yahoo’s board was
kibitzing all weekend about how to handle the continuing resume-padding
controversy around its recently hired CEO Scott Thompson — including hiring
its own outside crisis communications firm to represent it — he was working
the phones to keep top staff apprised of the evolving situation. While
Thompson told those he spoke to that he was limited in what he could say and
blamed a “personal vendetta” by an activist shareholder for his troubles,
being proactive in this regard is probably a good idea. That’s because
multiple sources said he said exactly nothing in various strategy meetings
with top employees last week about allegations leveled by Dan Loeb of Third
Point, which proved correct, that Thompson had not gotten a computer science
degree in college, as his longtime bio had claimed. “It was the gorilla in the
room and it was awkward in the extreme,” said one exec present at the
meetings. “He never brought it up, which was even worse.” At this point, it
seems unlikely that Thompson can regain the confidence of many at Yahoo — even
though a company spokeswoman said he received a lot of incoming support too,
both externally and internally — until he can render some cogent explanation
about how the borked bio got into both Yahoo’s public site and also its more
critical regulatory filings. Even more mysteriously, how the error was never
present in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by eBay,
where Thompson led its PayPal payments unit, although his public eBay bio has
also been wrong for close to a decade. And, most of all, how was it that
Thompson never caught the mistake himself — even when directly asked about it
— despite the likelihood of reviewing it multiple times over those many years
and ultimately certifying it for Yahoo’s own SEC filings. Calling Encyclopedia
Brown to solve the Case of the Computer Science Degree That Wasn’t! Thompson
has given no explanation about the debacle to the bulk of the Yahoo staff at
all levels, save for an information-free and terse note to employees on Friday
afternoon that essentially asked them to focus on their work instead of his
bizarre crisis. Unfortunately for him, many Yahoos are focusing a lot on
Thompson, with message boards at the Silicon Valley Internet chastising their
CEO and giving him support that is tepid at best. From interviews I have had
with two dozen employees this weekend, to say morale is at an all-time low is
perhaps understating the situation. Here is a short selection of comments that
were read to me, for example: “Resume padding is one thing, but lying about
something that is so easy to check is puzzling.” “There is no reason to let it
slide by … This isn’t some guy who’s trying to impress a date … It’s sad that
we just accept this kind of stuff from corporate heads and politicians.”
“Having some document to prove you can do a job is not all that important,
lying about it is.” What appears to trouble employees the most in the threads
I was read was the nonchalance of the initial Yahoo statement about the issue,
which called the addition of a fake degree on Thompson’s bio an “inadvertent
error.” “From a pure employee perspective, it feels like it is a violation of
their principles,” said one person, reflecting a dozen or more conversations I
had this weekend up and down the organization. “And anyone else would probably
be immediately fired for this, even with an explanation.” Said another: “He
clearly knew and lied for years; and his handling since exposed has been
unacceptable.” As I noted above, a company spokeswoman said there was also
much support for Thompson (pictured here) within the company, but declined to
provide any quotes or details. Presumably, some answers will be coming from a
board investigation aimed at getting to the bottom of the situation, including
trying to grok who put the error in the bio in the first place. My bet:
They’ll try to pin it on a lower-level minion, although that will not fly with
a lot of people. Including me, because whoever typed in the faux degree, its
presence there has been too long for Thompson not to be responsible for it.
Flunky error or not, there are important questions about whether Thompson
himself provided a bio that contained the inaccuracy to the board when he put
himself forth for the job via direct emails to Yahoo director and Intuit CEO
Brad Smith. That line of thought basically boils down to: Can Thompson not
read? More problematic is the fact that the placement did not come via Yahoo’s
headhunter on the CEO search, Heidrick & Struggles, which apparently was not
charged with doing a background check on Thompson. Instead, the director in
charge of the search, Patti Hart, sources said, hired another forensic firm,
which appears to have missed Thompson’s erroneous academic record. The only
thing completely clear amidst all the confusion: Hart screwed up by botching
an extremely simple part of a vetting she was charged with. That makes her
vulnerable, of course, along with other Yahoo board members or staffers
closely involved in the talent search. While Hart (pictured here) is in a much
dicier position, Thompson still appears to have initial board backing — at
least for today — as it’d be a very tough call to fire yet another CEO so
quickly in the middle of several key deals for Yahoo, as well as a proxy
fight. Said one person close to the situation, the board is still considering
its “options,” in an effort that is being led by independent board member Fred
Amoroso. So, it will be instructive to see how the board will proceed tomorrow
— especially since it is likely that Loeb will lob a lawsuit to try to get
more information on the Thompson hiring process. But it’s started by hiring
its own outside communications firm, Sard Verbinnen, which has handled other
crises for Yahoo in the past. Sard’s Charles Sipkins — welcome back, Charlie!
— had no comment about the board’s next move, except to reiterate its
statement from last week that it is looking into the Thompson bio mess and
will make appropriate disclosures at some point. We can’t hardly wait. RELATED
POSTS: Yahoo’s Parting With Thompson Will Be for “Cause” (a.k.a. CSLie) Ross
Levinsohn’s Yahoo Plan: Back to the Future Here’s New Yahoo CEO’s First Note
to Troops! (The Leaking-Internal-Memos-to-ATD Policy Remains in Effect As
Usual) Yahoo Officially Confirms ATD Report on CEO Changes and Proxy
Settlement Meet the Man I Call “The Hair”: The Video Stylings of Yahoo’s
Newest CEO Ross Levinsohn Will Thompson’s Ouster Mean a Yahoo-Facebook Patent
Settlement Too? Exclusive: Yahoo’s Thompson Out; Levinsohn In; Board
Settlement With Loeb Nears Completion Heidrick & Struggles Slaps Back at
Thompson’s Yahoo in Blame Game Over ResuMess Is He In or Is He Out? Crunchtime
for Scott Thompson at Yahoo. Not So Scott Free? Yahoo’s Other Big Shareholder
— Cap Re — Leaning Toward Supporting Loeb Over Thompson ResuMess. Tech
Nation’s Gunn Says She and Yahoo CEO Discussed Their CS Degrees Before 2009
Show (Video and Audio) Loeb Calls Again for Thompson Firing From Yahoo, as
Former eBay Boss Supports Him Place Your Bets: Will Loeb Drop Another Bomb on
Yahoo at Vegas Confab Later Today? Exclusive: Yahoo Director in Charge of
Botched CEO Vetting to Step Down From Board CEO Says Sorry to Yahoos for
Borked Bio “Distraction” — But Will Mea Culpa Work Without an Apology for
Error? (Memo) Buffett Comments on Trust Issue in Yahoo CEO BioGate: “You’ve
Got a Problem” Loeb Lobs Lawsuit, as Expected, at Yahoo’s Borked Bio Mess As
Yahoo CEO Reaches Out to Top Staff, Board Meets to Weigh “Options” (I.E.,
Deciding Who Gets to Take the Borked Bio Blame) Yahoo Should Expect Incoming
Lawsuit Lobbed by Loeb Tomorrow on CEO Hiring They Shoot Yahoo CEOs, Don’t
They? But Not Without a Really Smoking Gun and a Much Stronger Board. Yahoo’s
Thompson Asks Employees to “Stay Focused” — Except Not on Him In 2009
Interview, Yahoo CEO Does Not Deny He Has a CS Degree, and Calls Himself an
“Engineer” (Audio) Yahoo’s Board Will “Review” Resume Discrepancy of CEO How
Did a Phantom CS Degree Get on CEO’s Bio in SEC Filings? Yahoo’s Not Saying.
Yahoo’s Response on CEO’s Computer Science ResumeGate: “Inadvertent Error” Dan
Loeb Alleges “Discrepancies” on Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson’s Resume Related to
Computer Science Degree Tagged with: academic, activist, allegations, answer,
background, bio, board, Brad Smith, Charles Sipkins, check, college,
communications, computer science, controversy, crisis, deal, degree,
disclosure, eBay, email, employee, Encyclopedia Brown, explanation, filing,
forensic, Fred Amoroso, headhunter, Heidrick & Struggles, hiring, inaccuracy,
inadvertent error, independent, Intuit, issue, job, lawsuit, member, message
board, options, payments, PayPal, personal vendetta, process, proxy fight,
question, regulatory, resume, Sard Verbinnen, Scott Thompson, search, SEC,
Securities and Exchange Commission, shareholder, Silicon Valley, staff,
staffer, statement, strategy, support, talent, threads, unit, vetting, Yahoo
You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our
Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December
31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski
and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral
Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at
4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson,
Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version