WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski What’s the Chinese Word for
Bing? Google Threatens to Leave China. January 12, 2010 at 4:48 pm PT Tweet
Share Print “We actually did an evil scale and decided not to serve at all was
worse evil.” — Google CEO Eric Schmidt on the company’s decision to offer a
censored version of its search services in China, Jan. 30, 2006 Evidently
Google is taking its informal “don’t be evil motto” a bit more seriously these
days. The search sovereign threatened late Tuesday to pull out of its
operations in China after detecting a “highly sophisticated and targeted
attack on [its] corporate infrastructure originating from China.” Targeted in
the assault: The Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists. “These
attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered–combined with the attempts
over the past year to further limit free speech on the web–have led us to
conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in
China,” Google’s chief legal officer, David Drummond, wrote in a post to the
company blog. “We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring
our results on Google.cn, and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing
with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered
search engine within the law, if at all,” Drummond added. “We recognize that
this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn, and potentially our offices
in China.” Shut down Google.cn, and potentially our offices in China? Hmm.
What’s the Chinese word for “Bing”? Drummond didn’t directly accuse the
Chinese government of orchestrating the incursion, but he certainly seems to
be implying there’s a link. And you’d think one would have to exist for Google
(GOOG) to threaten pull out of a country that has more Internet users than the
total population of the U.S.–even if its efforts to gain market share there
haven’t met with the same success as in the rest of the world. It’s tough to
stake your claim in a country where the government favors the local rival and
blocks your traffic if you fail to censor. Baidu’s share of the Chinese search
market in the third quarter was 77 percent, up from 75.6 percent. Google’s
share for the same period? Just 17 percent, down from 19 percent. So, to some
extent, Google can probably threaten to leave China because the country
accounts for such a small portion of its revenue. On the other hand, China
leads the world in Internet users and presents a hell of a market
opportunity–large enough that Google willingly provided a censored version of
its services as a prerequisite for doing business there. Or, rather, it used
to. At $395.50 Baidu shares are up more than two percent after hours on the
news. Google shares are down 1.6 percent at $581.01. Drummond’s post in full,
below, as well as another on the safety of data on Google by Dave Girouard,
President of Google Enterprise: A new approach to China Like many other well-
known organizations, we face cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular
basis. In mid-December, we detected a highly sophisticated and targeted attack
on our corporate infrastructure originating from China that resulted in the
theft of intellectual property from Google. However, it soon became clear that
what at first appeared to be solely a security incident–albeit a significant
one–was something quite different. First, this attack was not just on Google.
As part of our investigation we have discovered that at least twenty other
large companies from a wide range of businesses–including the Internet,
finance, technology, media and chemical sectors–have been similarly targeted.
We are currently in the process of notifying those companies, and we are also
working with the relevant U.S. authorities. Second, we have evidence to
suggest that a primary goal of the attackers was accessing the Gmail accounts
of Chinese human rights activists. Based on our investigation to date we
believe their attack did not achieve that objective. Only two Gmail accounts
appear to have been accessed, and that activity was limited to account
information (such as the date the account was created) and subject line,
rather than the content of emails themselves. Third, as part of this
investigation but independent of the attack on Google, we have discovered that
the accounts of dozens of U.S.-, China- and Europe-based Gmail users who are
advocates of human rights in China appear to have been routinely accessed by
third parties. These accounts have not been accessed through any security
breach at Google, but most likely via phishing scams or malware placed on the
users’ computers. We have already used information gained from this attack to
make infrastructure and architectural improvements that enhance security for
Google and for our users. In terms of individual users, we would advise people
to deploy reputable anti-virus and anti-spyware programs on their computers,
to install patches for their operating systems and to update their web
browsers. Always be cautious when clicking on links appearing in instant
messages and emails, or when asked to share personal information like
passwords online. You can read more here about our cyber-security
recommendations. We have taken the unusual step of sharing information about
these attacks with a broad audience not just because of the security and human
rights implications of what we have unearthed, but also because this
information goes to the heart of a much bigger global debate about freedom of
speech. In the last two decades, China’s economic reform programs and its
citizens’ entrepreneurial flair have lifted hundreds of millions of Chinese
people out of poverty. Indeed, this great nation is at the heart of much
economic progress and development in the world today. We launched Google.cn in
January 2006 in the belief that the benefits of increased access to
information for people in China and a more open Internet outweighed our
discomfort in agreeing to censor some results. At the time we made clear that
“we will carefully monitor conditions in China, including new laws and other
restrictions on our services. If we determine that we are unable to achieve
the objectives outlined we will not hesitate to reconsider our approach to
China.” These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered–combined with
the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web–have
led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business
operations in China. We have decided we are no longer willing to continue
censoring our results on Google.cn, and so over the next few weeks we will be
discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an
unfiltered search engine within the law, if at all. We recognize that this may
well mean having to shut down Google.cn, and potentially our offices in China.
The decision to review our business operations in China has been incredibly
hard, and we know that it will have potentially far-reaching consequences. We
want to make clear that this move was driven by our executives in the United
States, without the knowledge or involvement of our employees in China who
have worked incredibly hard to make Google.cn the success it is today. We are
committed to working responsibly to resolve the very difficult issues raised.
Keeping your data safe Many corporations and consumers regularly come under
cyber attack, and Google is no exception. We recently detected a cyber attack
targeting our infrastructure and that of at least 20 other publicly listed
companies. This incident was particularly notable for its high degree of
sophistication. We believe Google Apps and related customer data were not
affected by this incident. Please read more about our public response on the
Official Google Blog. This attack may understandably raise some questions, so
we wanted to take this opportunity to share some additional information and
assure you that Google is introducing additional security measures to help
ensure the safety of your data. This was not an assault on cloud computing. It
was an attack on the technology infrastructure of major corporations in
sectors as diverse as finance, technology, media, and chemical. The route the
attackers used was malicious software used to infect personal computers. Any
computer connected to the Internet can fall victim to such attacks. While some
intellectual property on our corporate network was compromised, we believe our
customer cloud-based data remains secure. While any company can be subject to
such an attack, those who use our cloud services benefit from our data
security capabilities. At Google, we invest massive amounts of time and money
in security. Nothing is more important to us. Our response to this attack
shows that we are dedicated to protecting the businesses and users who have
entrusted us with their sensitive email and document information. We are
telling you this because we are committed to transparency, accountability, and
maintaining your trust. Tagged with: Baidu, Bing, blog, business operations,
censor, China, Chinese government, computers, cyber attack, data, Dave
Girouard, David Drummond, digital, dissident, don’t be evil, Eric Schmidt,
Europe, evil, free speech, Gmail, Google, Google.cn, human rights, human
rights activists, instant messages, intellectual property, Internet,
investigation, John Paczkowski, laws, motto, online, passwords, programs,
restrictions, search, search engine, security, shares, spyware, surveillance,
targeted attack, traffic, U.S., United States, users market share, virus, Web
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version