WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Multitouch Pioneer Jeff Han Starts to Think Small (Devices)
December 13, 2010 at 6:00 am PT Tweet Share Print For years now, Jeff Han has
been working on large-screen multitouch displays. Han and his company,
Perceptive Pixel, are best known for creating the giant touch wall that John
King and others at CNN use to break down elections. While Apple, Microsoft and
others have targeted consumers, Perceptive Pixel has focused on niche
professional markets, especially the defense and government sector. But, after
years of watching the small touchscreen device market from the sidelines, Han
said he thinks he is pretty close to creating his first products that will run
on those devices. “Mobile is interesting,” he said in an interview last month
at his New York offices (in the Manhattan building that Google is buying, with
the amazing roof view seen below). “How can you ignore a billion devices being
sold every year?” Han said there is a reason he has stayed focused on the high
end of the market. “I have a personal bias,” he told Mobilized. “I want
computers to be functional, not just playful.” The modern tablet, he said, is
the first consumer device that has enough pixels and the precision sensors to
potentially be of interest to Perceptive Pixel. In particular, Han said he is
intrigued by the idea of using tablets to allow meeting participants to
interact with a nearby larger touchscreen that might be in use by someone
leading a meeting. “We’re looking at mobile and slate devices as a way to tie
into this family of collaboration [products],” he said, noting that’s where
Perceptive Pixel is spending its energy when it comes to mobile, as opposed to
coming up with some killer app that works only on smaller screens. “There are
a lot of smart people creating mobile apps.” Han said his first mobile efforts
should come out early next year–in the first quarter or early in the second
quarter, though he wouldn’t give more specifics. Whatever Perceptive Pixel
ends up doing in the tablet space, Han said his plan is to eventually have it
support multiple operating systems, though Han said the company will probably
only qualify certain devices. So far, he said, Apple’s iOS and the iPad seem
best suited to the applications he has in mind, while the real-time touch
performance on Android has certain issues. “We’re not going to just let it run
on anything out there,” he said. “Some of them just can’t guarantee a good
user interface.” Here is the video interview Mobilized did with Han: Tagged
with: Android, app, Apple, CNN, defense, device, displays, elections, FIRST,
government, interface, interview, iOS, iPad, Jeff Han, John King, large
screen, markets, meeting, Microsoft, multitouch, niche, operating systems,
Perceptive Pixel, Professional, quarter, second, Slate, tablet, touch, touch
wall, touchscreen, video Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as
2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft
Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm
PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker
December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Just as the atom bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war
obsolete, the Internet seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-
destructive genius, an economic doomsday device rendering it impossible for
anyone to ever make a profit off anything again. It’s especially hopeless for
those whose work is easily digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim
Kreider on not getting paid for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version