News Intel CEO: We’re Big in Brazil, and Lots of Other Places Published on
July 20, 2011 by Arik Hesseldahl It’s turning into a recurring theme. Market
research firms like Gartner and IDC warn about a slowing market for PCs.
Investors and financial analysts get all depressed and think the market for
PCs is tanking, and blame Apple’s iPad and other factors. Then Intel shows up
with an earnings report that defies that now-conventional wisdom. What gives?
The research firms don’t have access to the same kinds of sales-channel data
that Intel does, especially when it comes to emerging markets. Namely Brazil,
Turkey, Russia and other rapidly developing revenue streams. Intel CEO Paul
Otellini called this “channel revenue” during the conference call with
analysts. Channel is industry lingo for the business Intel does that’s not
with major PC manufacturers like Apple or Hewlett-Packard or Dell, but instead
goes through indirect sales channels to smaller companies that make PCs with
lesser-known brands geared toward specific markets. This channel revenue grew
17 percent during the quarter, Otellini said, because demand for PCs remains
healthy in these countries. Turkey and Indonesia were both up 70 percent over
last year. India was up 17 percent. Russia, 15 percent. China, 14 percent.
Latin America as a whole was up 12 percent. But then there’s Brazil. Otellini
said it’s growing like crazy and is on track to become the world’s third-
largest PC market next year, after the U.S. and China. This channel business
in emerging markets helps explain at least part of the dichotomy between the
results that Gartner and IDC report in their quarterly market surveys — both
of which show a market that grew by less than three percent — and Intel, which
saw sales in its PC division grow 11 percent. Later, Otellini and Chief
Financial Officer Stacy Smith addressed this issue in response to a question
from Evercore analyst Patrick Wang. You can hear their exchange, which runs
less than three minutes, below. Intel-q2-2011-call by ahess247 Return to:
Intel CEO: We’re Big in Brazil, and Lots of Other Places URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20110720/intel-ceo-were-big-in-brazil-and-lots-of-other-
places/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.