WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @kabster728
The Digital Solution > Accessories No Excuses: a Wire-Free Way to Upload
Photos November 21, 2007 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews »
No matter how perfectly shot or emotionally meaningful your digital photos may
be, if they aren’t uploaded to your computer or to a Web site, no one else
will ever see them as they languish in your camera. This problem has plagued
the digital-photo industry for years, though the cameras themselves have
improved. Most users know how to upload photos, but don’t want to hassle with
USB cords and slow upload speeds when transferring images onto a computer or
photo-sharing site. Camera docks and memory-card readers built into PCs have
attempted to alleviate these transferring problems, but these so-called
shortcuts still require a certain amount of dedication to the process. In the
past couple of years, a handful of companies have gone a step farther by
introducing Wi-Fi enabled digital cameras, notably Nikon Inc. and Eastman
Kodak Co. But this capability works only in certain cameras and even then
requires users to walk through a number of steps to send the photos through a
service created by the company instead of sending them to a computer or Web
site. Little Effort Needed This week, I tested a refreshingly simple gadget
that solves this problem and does what most technology products don’t: It
works in existing devices and requires next to no effort. The $100 Eye-Fi Card
by Eye-Fi Inc. (www.eye.fi) is a two-gigabyte SecureDigital memory card with a
built-in wireless chip. It slips into any camera with an SD-card slot, and
whenever the camera is turned on, looks for a familiar Wi-Fi network and
uploads your photos to your Mac or PC and one of 17 photo-sharing sites. After
a quick, one-time setup, the user does nothing more than turning on the
digital camera. I thought this thing was too good to be true and set out to
find its flaws. But after using it with two digital cameras (one brand new and
the other over three years old), three different computers (each with
different operating systems) and five photo-sharing sites, I’m convinced that
the Eye-Fi is a terrific little tool. It works quickly and is a no-brainer to
get going. The only people who won’t like it are those who enjoy razzing their
lazy friends for forgetting to share digital photos. Minor Inconveniences The
Eye-Fi’s flaws are minor enough to dismiss. For one thing, it doesn’t work on
Wi-Fi networks that use log-in pages like those in Starbucks; instead, it’s
meant to work on home networks or other “open” networks. Secondly, there’s no
way to know when Eye-Fi finishes transferring photos unless you check your
computer. Finally, your digital camera must stay on for the duration of the
wireless transfer, which slightly taxes battery power, and slower networks
and/or transferring numerous higher-resolution photos will require a bit more
juice. Likewise, Eye-Fi looks for Wi-Fi networks whenever the camera is on,
though the company says this only uses a minimal amount of the camera’s
battery power. The Eye-Fi Card comes in a small, colorful box that reminded me
of a pop-up book: Pull one side and a quick-start guide appears on the right
while the left swings out a piece holding the Eye-Fi card reader and SD card.
This reader is only needed for the initial setup on each computer, which only
took a few minutes per system. I tried my Eye-Fi first on a Windows XP
machine, plugging the card reader and card into a USB port. The software setup
walks users through clear, quick steps like testing the computer’s firewall to
be sure it can work through it and asking which folder should be designated to
receive wirelessly transferred images. Here, I also typed in my account
information for sharing images on Kodak Gallery; later I added Shutterfly,
Snapfish, Picasa and Flickr. Other online destinations included blogs like Vox
and TypePad, along with social-networking giant Facebook. The last step
instructed me to insert the Eye-Fi SD card into my camera to snap the first
test photo of myself, making sure it was working properly. Managing Your
Photos Transferred photos are all reflected in the Eye-Fi Manager, a Web-
based, password-protected site that tells which images were uploaded to photo-
sharing sites and the computer. Users can opt to only upload from the Eye-Fi
to one or the other or both, but only one photo-sharing site and one Mac or PC
can be selected at a time. Account information for any of the 17 sharing sites
can be saved within Eye-Fi, making it a cinch to switch where you want to send
photos. Around the office, within my registered Wi-Fi network, I took photos
that showed up seconds later on my computer screen. At home, I entered my
password-protected network’s information one time and watched as captured
photos transferred wirelessly from my camera to either my Mac or Windows Vista
laptop. Quick Transfers On average, it took about 40 seconds to upload each
image to a Web site and about 40 seconds more after that for a photo to
transfer onto my hard drive. I got home from a friend’s cocktail party and set
my camera on a table with its power on. Ten minutes later, I turned on my
computer to check the transfer and 12 photos from the party were uploaded to
my Kodak Gallery account and my iMac’s hard drive. Images upload in JPEG
formats using their original, full resolutions. Some sharing sites change the
formats for photos, but this varies between sites and isn’t related to Eye-Fi.
Eye-Fi won’t do absolutely everything for you, so for certain photo-sharing
sites, you’ll still need to log on to send out emails for sharing albums with
friends. But double clicking on any of the images in the Eye-Fi Manager takes
you directly to wherever that image lives — whether on Picasa, Flickr, or your
own hard drive. I swapped the Eye-Fi SD card from one camera, an older Konica-
Minolta Dimage X50 that still works well, to a new Kodak EasyShare V1253,
which ironically has built-in photo emailing capability that isn’t nearly as
easy to use as Eye-Fi. The Eye-Fi didn’t miss a beat and operated the same way
in both cameras. The Eye-Fi Card is as simple as it sounds and works with most
cameras that use SD cards (for a complete list of compatible cameras, see
http://support.eye.fi/compatibility/). If someone you know is constantly
taking pictures that are never seen again by anyone else and they use a Wi-Fi
network, Eye-Fi will serve as a carefree solution that takes the aggravation
out of transferring photos to share with others. Edited By Walter S. Mossberg
Email mossbergsolution@wsj.com Tagged with battery, camera, digital, Eye-Fi,
Facebook, Flickr, format, gigabyte, JPEG, Kodak, Konica Minolta, laptop, Mac,
memory card, network, Nikon, password, PC, photo, Picasa, setup, Shutterfly,
Snapfish, TypePad, USB, Vista, Vox, Web, Wi-Fi, Windows, wireless, XP You’ve
Come a Long Way, Silicon Valley December 17, 2013 at 3:47 pm PT Space Monkey
Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup December 10, 2013 at
3:15 pm PT Oh, the Places Your Phone Will Find December 03, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT
Xbox One: Digital Home Base for the Living Room November 26, 2013 at 3:25 pm
PT An iPad That’s Mini in Screen Size Only November 19, 2013 at 3:06 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version