WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walter S. Mossberg and Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail
RSS Follow @kabster728 The Digital Solution A New Gold Standard for PCs
November 30, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » When
Apple Computer launched its video iPod last month, the hype was so great that
another important Apple product announcement was lost in the shuffle. The
company also released that day a new, improved, and yet cheaper, version of
the already excellent iMac G5, its flagship consumer desktop computer. At the
same time, Apple Computer also introduced a new software program called Front
Row — embedded in the improved iMac — that, like Microsoft’s Windows Media
Center, allows users to play music and to view photos, videos and DVDs from
across a room, using an included remote control. The new iMac G5 includes an
entire computer, with the processor, in a flat-panel monitor. We’ve been
testing this new iMac, and our verdict is that it’s the gold standard of
desktop PCs. To put it simply: No desktop offered by Dell or Hewlett-Packard
or Sony or Gateway can match the new iMac G5’s combination of power, elegance,
simplicity, ease of use, built-in software, stability and security. From setup
to performing the most intense tasks, it’s a pleasure to use. And, contrary to
common misconceptions, this Mac is competitively priced, when compared with
comparably equipped midrange Windows PCs; and it handles all common Windows
files, as well as the Internet and email, with aplomb. As for Front Row, we
liked it as well. Though it does less than Microsoft’s very nicely designed
Media Center version of Windows, Front Row is cleaner and simpler, with a much
easier remote control. It could use some improvements, but, even in this first
version, it enhances an already-terrific computer. The combination of the new,
improved hardware, plus Front Row, makes the iMac G5 the best consumer desktop
you can buy this holiday season, period. For mainstream consumers doing
typical tasks — Web surfing, email, office productivity, photos, music, home
videos, etc. — it’s the finest desktop PC on the market, at any price. Hard-
core game players, stock-market day traders, serious video producers and some
other niche users should look for other computers. But, for most people, the
new iMac G5 is the best choice. At first glance, the new iMac G5 looks very
similar to the model it replaced. Like its forerunner, it packs an entire
computer, including the very fast and powerful G5 processor, into a slender,
striking, white flat-panel monitor. The guts of the computer are entirely
contained behind this gorgeous, vivid 17- or 20-inch screen. People viewing
the machine for the first time often mistake it for merely a monitor. But the
new model has a slightly faster processor and is even thinner and lighter than
its predecessor. And it now has a high-quality built-in camera for
videoconferencing and taking snapshots, formerly a $150 external option. Plus,
it includes the remote control and Front Row. Yet the top-of-the-line model,
with a 20-inch screen, is now $1,699, down $100 from its predecessor. The
17-inch model is still $1,299, despite the added features. About the only
hardware feature we wish the iMac included is a set of slots for the flash
memory cards used by digital cameras and other portable devices. Many Windows
models now include such slots, but iMac owners will have to buy an external
card reader. The new model is 15% sleeker and 10% lighter than before. While
the older iMac’s shape was flat across its white rear panel, this one tapers
off at the edges to give it a slightly thinner, more elegant, look. The power
button, and the USB, FireWire, Ethernet and other ports, are still on the
rear, though they’ve been rearranged. Unlike most desktops, the iMac G5 comes
with built-in Wi-Fi wireless networking, so you can use it far away from a
wired Internet connection. It also includes Bluetooth wireless networking; a
DVD and CD burner; 512 megabytes of memory; and Apple’s new two-button mouse.
The 20-inch model has a 250-gigabyte hard disk and a processor that runs at
2.1 gigahertz. The 17-inch model has a 160-gigabyte hard disk and a processor
that runs at 1.9 gigahertz. Like all Macs, the new iMac comes with Apple’s
excellent Tiger operating system, which hasn’t yet attracted any successful
viruses and has no reported spyware. Tiger already includes the key features
Microsoft is promising for its next version of Windows, due in about a year.
These include an integrated desktop search, parental controls and tougher
security. And it comes with Apple’s iLife suite of first-rate multimedia
programs for managing and creating music, photos, videos and DVDs — better
than any similar software for Windows. Apple’s Front Row software program is
embedded in the new iMac, which is 15% thinner than the earlier model. The
small, thin remote magnetically clings to the right edge of the computer,
almost hidden from view. This remote has just six buttons, and the layout is
similar to that of an iPod shuffle portable music player — including a
circular ring that doesn’t scroll like that of a regular iPod. On this circle
are Seek and Volume buttons, and its center is reserved for a Play/Pause
button. A lone button labeled Menu is positioned below this ring. Front Row
uses the same concept introduced by Microsoft’s Windows Media Center Edition
three years ago — simplifying the system’s display with huge icons and large
type to make your computer’s media usable from across a room. Media Center is
one of Microsoft’s better programs, and it has been well-received by many
users. Unlike Front Row, it can also play live TV from a PC with an included
TV tuner and can record TV shows like a TiVo does. Apple says it deliberately
decided to leave out the TV function, which it doesn’t believe many people
want on a computer. In fact, many Windows Media Center models are now sold
without the TV function. After loading songs, videos and photos onto our new
iMac, we sat a little ways back from the desk, aimed our remote at the Apple
logo beneath our screen (where the infrared remote receiver is hidden) and
started fooling around with Front Row. Pressing the remote’s Menu button
instantly sends your desktop view off into the distance, replacing that with
Front Row’s home screen, a black background and four giant icons clearly
labeled Videos, Music, Photos and DVD. The remote’s Seek buttons rotate the
icons around the circle in either direction until the icon representing your
program is in the lower, center part of the screen. The remote also functions
when you don’t have Front Row open to adjust volume and skip through songs or
various photo albums. We started with Music, selecting it with the center
Play/Pause button and using Seek buttons to scroll through a menu like that
seen on an iPod’s home menu — Now Playing, Shuffle Songs, Playlists and so on.
The Menu button worked as with iPod, sending us back one screen each time we
pressed it. Once a song was selected, its title, artist and album were
displayed on the right, and a large image of the song’s album art took up the
left half of our iMac screen. A giant progress bar took up the lower edge of
the screen. We backed out of Music and into Videos, where we chose from a list
of Movie Trailers, Movies, Music Videos, TV Shows and Video Podcasts. The
Photos section is similar to Videos. It shows a list of iPhoto content; in our
case, it listed Library, Last Roll, Last 12 Months and the three albums that
we had stored in Apple’s photo-organizing software. Whenever one of these
listed items was highlighted, the photos from that album or section were
displayed in a mini slideshow on the right. Selecting the section started a
full-screen slideshow. DVD use is simple with the remote; we used its Seek
buttons once again to navigate around menus in the movie “Shrek” without a
problem. We liked the remote’s simplicity, but we wish Apple had included a
Power button, and made it work like a scroll-wheel iPod. And Front Row itself
lacks many of the functions of the iPod and iTunes software, like the ability
to rate songs, to show only a song’s album art or lyrics, or to accompany the
music with a colorful visualization. We liked the iMac’s built-in iSight video
camera and a smart little built-in application called Photo Booth that takes
your picture with as many as 16 different contortions and can keep you
entertained for a while. All in all, we can heartily recommend the iMac G5.
Email: MossbergSolution@wsj.com Tagged with Apple, Dell, DVD, Hewlett-Packard,
iMac, iPod, Microsoft, PC, Wi-Fi, wireless You’ve Come a Long Way, Silicon
Valley December 17, 2013 at 3:47 pm PT Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital
Storage System Offers Better Backup December 10, 2013 at 3:15 pm PT Oh, the
Places Your Phone Will Find December 03, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT Xbox One: Digital
Home Base for the Living Room November 26, 2013 at 3:25 pm PT An iPad That’s
Mini in Screen Size Only November 19, 2013 at 3:06 pm PT Search the Mossberg
Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and
Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version