WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Next-Gen iPhone Production
Kicks Into Gear; Will There Be a Mid-Tier iPhone, Too? July 16, 2013 at 11:34
am PT Tweet Share Print Martin HajekApple is ramping up production of its
next-generation iPhone ahead of an expected fall introduction that could
include a second, lower-cost version of the device. That’s the latest from
Jefferies analyst Peter Misek, whose channel checks suggest that Apple’s
manufacturing partners will begin pumping out the iPhone 5s later this month.
And sources familiar with the company’s plans say that this is indeed the
case. Interestingly, Misek said that iPhone production ramp-up will follow one
that’s already under way for Apple’s long-rumored lower-cost iPhone, a device
he figures the company will price somewhere between $300 and $400 — without a
subsidy. He estimates production plans at 25 million to 30 million units,
split pretty much evenly across the 5s and its new lower-cost sibling. And he
said the new entry probably won’t be competitive with the truly low-end
handsets popular in emerging markets. Which is an interesting theory. There
isn’t as much room as there used to be in the upper and lower reaches of the
smartphone market. But there’s plenty of room for growth in the middle. And
that’s a portion of the market that Apple has targeted with mid-tier products
to great effect in the past. The iPod nano, the iPad mini — when those devices
launched, they were dismissed as too expensive to attract the budget-conscious
consumers. But they both proved wildly popular, establishing a new “mid-end”
price band between the market’s high end and low end. The key to their
success: Both were aspirational products that drew typically budget-conscious
consumers into a higher price range. Is Apple taking a similar tack with the
smartphone market? Misek seems to think so, and it’s certainly possible, given
the company’s history. And, as I’ve noted before, the opportunity for Apple
here could be quite large. Consider the chart below from Gokul Hariharan and
Mark Moskowitz over at J.P. Morgan, who figure the company could claim as much
as a 25 percent share of the mid-tier smartphone market with a device like the
one Misek claims is in production. Tagged with: Apple, budget iPhone, iPhone
5s, mid-end iPhone, mid-tier iPhone, Peter Misek Late Start May Be Tempering
China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s
Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks
December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10
Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million
This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version