WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Discovery Gets a Web Video Arm, Courtesy of Revision3 May
3, 2012 at 11:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Web video is supposed to disrupt
cable TV. And maybe it will, one day. In the meantime, the cable guys are
doing just fine. Here’s a proof point: Discovery Communications, parent of the
Discovery Channel, has purchased Revision3, a Web video start-up that makes
and distributes its own shows, like “Tekzilla” and “Epic Meal Time.” Discovery
isn’t disclosing a purchase price, but multiple sources familiar with the
transaction tell me the cable guys will pay around $30 million for the start-
up. The company ended up raising about $10 million during its six-year
lifespan, with the last chunk coming from a group of investors that included
Mark Cuban. All of Revision3’s 50 employees are supposed to stay on, and
there’s a chance that they could end up pulling down sizeable earnouts. But
they probably won’t, because that’s the nature of earnouts. TechCrunch
reported the deal talks earlier this week. This deal isn’t an “acqhire,” as
Discovery intends to keep Revision3 operating out of its San Francisco
headquarters. The idea is that Revision3 will continue to make its own Web
shows, which generate some 100 million streams a month, and that Discovery
will eventually figure out ways to sync up some of its own stuff into the mix.
“We want them to continue doing what they’re doing, and to continue developing
native digital talent,” says Discovery’s digital boss JB Perrette. To date,
Discovery hasn’t done a lot with Web video, and has traditionally kept most of
its cable programming off the Internet. That has changed a bit recently, via
library deals with Amazon and Netflix, and may ramp up a bit more in the
future. The deal comes as big Web players are trying to convince advertisers
that their video stuff is just as good as TV — see Google’s big show in New
York last night. But Discovery thinks there’s still a distinction between TV
and the Web — which is why it wanted to buy Revision3 in the first place. “We
produce content on a $500,000 to $750,000-an-hour scale,” Perrette says.
“Producing something at a tenth of that cost means it has to be very
different.” Meanwhile, Revision3 CEO Jim Louderback, who used to write blog
posts with titles like “Cable TV Is Screwd,” now says there’s life in the
cable business, after all. “One’s not going to destroy the other,” he says. “I
don’t think any new media destroys the other. I think it just creates its own
path.” Tagged with: advertising, Amazon, cable TV, Discovery Channel, Google,
JB Perrette, Jim Louderback, Netflix, Revision3, Web video, YouTube Twitter
Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and
Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your
Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More
Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service
ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the
Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD
War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version