WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello The New Yorker 79 posts and columns on The New Yorker All Writers
Kara Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina
Fried Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie
Cha Jason Del Rey QOTD: My Favorite Waste of Time All writers should have as
many forms of unproductive distraction as possible. For me it used to be that
I would clean drawers or rearrange my closets or start cooking lunch. I had
many, many ways of pretending to be working, but not really working. So
Twitter is quite marvelous at that. It is a wonderful, wonderful way of just
procrastinating … — Author Susan Orlean, extolling a side benefit of Twitter,
on the All Write Already! podcast So You Got a New iPad. Here’s Some Free
Stuff to Read. Arik Hesseldahl in Media on November 30, 2013 at 7:53 am PT For
the plane, train, or flight delay. QOTD: Stray Barking Whether online, on the
phone, by telegraph, or in person, we are governed by the same basic
principles. The medium may change, but people do not. The question instead is
whether the outliers, the trolls and the flamers, will hold outsized influence
— and the answer seems to be that, even protected by the shade of anonymity, a
dog will often make himself known with a stray, accidental bark. Then,
hopefully, he will be treated accordingly. — Maria Konnikova in a New Yorker
article entitled “The Psychology of Online Comments” Jack Fights Back: Dorsey
Rebuts Twitter Book Claims in New Yorker Profile Mike Isaac in Social on
October 14, 2013 at 10:20 am PT The Twitter co-founder presents a different
version of how it all began. The New Yorker Launches Strongbox, an Open-Source
Anonymous Tip Tool Built by Aaron Swartz Peter Kafka in Media on May 15, 2013
at 7:00 am PT The timely idea: Let journalists and their sources connect in
confidence. The Associated Press might have liked one of these. QOTD: Never
Mind Your GPA — When’s Your IPO? The center of gravity at the university
appears to have shifted. The school now looks like a giant tech incubator with
a football team. — Nicholas Thompson, in a New Yorker article entitled, “The
End of Stanford?” Henry Blodget Is Quietly Planning a Stunning Return to Wall
Street Peter Kafka in Media on March 31, 2013 at 8:01 pm PT Secrets revealed!
A bit! In Ken Auletta’s New Yorker profile! The New Yorker’s David Remnick:
Paper Magazines Are “Pretty Good Technology” Liz Gannes in Dive Into Media on
January 31, 2012 at 12:20 pm PT Quality long-form writing has a place in the
Internet age, says New Yorker editor David Remnick — and it’s worth paying
for. More Moguls for D: Dive Into Media — Clear Channel, Legendary Pictures
and Vevo Join the Cast Peter Kafka in Dive Into Media on November 7, 2011 at
5:00 am PT Heavyweights from radio, Hollywood, and Web video join a star-
studded roster for All Things Digital‘s first-ever media conference: Bob
Pittman, Thomas Tull and Rio Caraeff come aboard. Flipboard and Condé Nast
Partner in Brand Ads Deal on Social Reading App Kara Swisher in Media on July
24, 2011 at 9:00 pm PT Social reading app Flipboard has partnered with
magazine giant Condé Nast to offer a slew of magazines with branded
advertising from major marketers. Apple Brings Conde Nast Aboard the
Subscription Bandwagon, Starting With the New Yorker Peter Kafka in Media, May
8, 2011 at 10:15 pm PT Condé Nast's iPad Apps Are Too Portly. Blame Adobe.
Peter Kafka in Media, September 28, 2010 at 12:37 pm PT Another Magazine App?
Yep. But This One's For the Ladies: Condé Nast Brings Glamour to the iPad.
Peter Kafka in Media, August 3, 2010 at 3:00 am PT Condé Nast’s iPad Plan Gets
Caught in the Apple-Adobe Crossfire Peter Kafka in Media, February 28, 2010 at
6:00 pm PT The New Yorker Takes on Hollywood Power Blogger Nikki Finke Peter
Kafka in Media, October 4, 2009 at 1:39 pm PT Here’s Why McKinsey’s Coming to
Condé Nast: The Coming Black September Peter Kafka in Media, July 21, 2009 at
9:53 am PT Related Videos View all videos » Dive Into Media: David Remnick of
The New Yorker Search » AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version