WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Exclusive: Synacor to Offer TV Everywhere
Authentication Via Social IDs September 6, 2012 at 5:02 am PT Tweet Share
Print Synacor, the behind-the-scenes tech company that provides authentication
services to television companies, will be launching a new identification
platform for pay-TV services that will allow users to use social IDs rather
than passwords across multiple devices. While it is common for consumers to do
so for a range of Web services, Synacor Cloud ID will be the first to allow
customers to use social logins from Facebook, Twitter and Google+ for cable TV
authorization. The Buffalo-based Synacor is a leader in white-label
authentication services for many “TV Everywhere” events, including 2012 March
Madness, the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics and, most recently, the 2012
London Summer Olympics. To do so, the company has worked with many pay-TV
providers, as well as channels, including Dish Network, Charter, HBO Go, CNN
and the Cartoon Network. It has not announced any done deals as yet, said a
spokesman, but the goal is obviously to work with the big ones, such as
Comcast, Dish and Time Warner Cable. Such a move is an important one, as Peter
Kafka wrote recently: “That’s one of the fundamental precepts of the ‘TV
Everywhere’ plan that the cable guys are using to hold off disruption, and in
practice it’s a hassle. It requires digging up your cable bill so you can find
your account number, and starting up yet another online account and password.
Not rocket science, but certainly not one-click easy.” Here’s the full press
Synacor release: Pay-TV Industry First: “Social Login with TVE Authorization”
— Consumers Login Using Their Favorite Social Account and Simultaneously
Authorize with Their Pay-TV Billing Account BUFFALO, NY (PRWEB — September 6,
2012) — Synacor, Inc. (NASDAQ: SYNC), leading provider of next-gen startpages,
TV Everywhere solutions and cloud-based services, today announced an expanded
Cloud Identity Management platform, broadening its cloud-based services suite
for consumer electronics companies, wireless carriers, programmers and app
developers in addition to Pay-TV providers. Synacor’s Cloud ID works whenever
and wherever consumers must be authenticated, authorized and/or registered,
and on any device. Synacor’s Cloud ID offering features an industry first:
Social Login with Pay-TV Authorization. To authenticate for access to online
Pay-TV content, consumers can now login with their favorite social account
like Facebook, Twitter or Google, while simultaneously authorizing with their
pay-TV provider or billing account. Synacor Cloud ID brings the convenience of
social login to TV Everywhere consumers with the trust of entitlement
verification for TV authorization. “Synacor’s experience and scale providing
web authentication and identity integrations is a strategic advantage over
other cloud identity providers,” said Michael Bishara, Synacor GM for TV
Everywhere. “Synacor successfully provided authentication for NBC Universal’s
TV Everywhere 2012 Summer Olympics on behalf of nearly 40 pay-TV customers,
spanning all 50 states, reaching 25 million subscribers — the largest TVE
Olympics footprint. Synacor is now leveraging our experience to provide cloud
identity services for additional customer verticals that require registration,
authentication and authorization capabilities.” Synacor’s Cloud ID Management
Platform already provides authentication services for TV Everywhere, Messaging
and Value Added Services, but has been expanded to provide a full suite of
Identity Management Services. These expanded capabilities will enable consumer
electronics companies, app developers and programmers to provide a Secure and
Trusted Identity Management solution to their end-consumers. “Synacor provides
end-consumers a seamless authentication, authorization and registration
experience while providing our customers all their administrative needs such
as Account Management, Auditing and Reporting,” said Synacor co-founder and
EVP George Chamoun. “As identity management moves from the enterprise to a
distributed model, companies such as pay-TV, consumer electronics and app
developers need a trusted and tested partner to serve as their conduit for ID
services. With more than a decade behind us, innumerable integrations and
millions of authentications across hundreds of devices, Synacor is that Cloud
ID partner.” Synacor Cloud ID spans the entire ecosystem, offering an end-to-
end or distributed component solution, and existing in Synacor’s cloud or the
customer’s. Synacor’s key advantages include the following: Scale — Delivering
millions of authentications, including authentication for Synacor’s pay-TV
customers’ 25 million subscriber footprint for the 2012 Summer Olympics and on
an ongoing basis for TV Everywhere, Synacor is the scale player in Cloud ID
management. Gateway — Synacor is the bridge connecting hundreds of identity
systems for authentication, authorization and user profile information while
leveraging industry-standard technologies such as SAML, OAuth, OpenID, and
Social IDs, creating a multipronged gateway that both identifies as well as
entitles based on a consumer’s rights profile, and integrated with the
preferred ID technologies of Synacor’s customers. Social Login — An industry
first. Synacor’s Social Login feature creates a trusted connection among
content providers and pay-TV providers, allowing consumers to bind their pay-
TV credentials to their favorite and frequented social media accounts like
Facebook, Twitter and Google, allowing for a seamless sign-on process, and
using the credentials most consumers remember. Multi-Platform and Multi-
Language — Synacor Cloud ID is accessible on desktop, mobile, tablet and
across a range of connected devices, as well as being fully localized for user
interfaces in multiple languages. Trusted Framework — With a decade of
success, Synacor is a tested and trusted connection in the distributed, cloud-
based model of Identity Management and Services. Synacor’s fraud prevention
technology monitors for suspicious account activity across multiple devices,
streams and providers. Synacor delivers its solution from three data centers
in the United States and in Europe. Synacor customers are in full control over
their data, yet can leverage Synacor’s experience. Synacor has provided
authentication services for key TV Everywhere events including 2012 March
Madness, 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics and most recently the 2012 London
Summer Olympics. Synacor has completed integrations with numerous pay-TV
providers, as well as many pay-TV channels. Pay-TV providers include DISH
Network, Charter, CenturyLink, Mediacom, Suddenlink and WOW! among others.
Integrations include HBO GO, Max GO, CNN, TBS, TNT, tru TV, Cartoon Network,
Adult Swim, Epix, Comcast Entertainment Group (E!, Style, G4), Fox, Speed2,
BigTen and a number of other TV channels. For more information on Synacor’s
cloud-based services including Cloud ID, TV Everywhere and Cloud Messaging
Services, please visit synacor.com or email sales@synacor.com. Synacor reaches
over 23 million households, tallying a monthly average of 20 million unique
visitors and 3.7 billion ad impressions. Tagged with: account, authentication,
bill, Britain, Buffalo, cable, Canada, Cartoon Network, channel, charter,
Cloud ID, CNN, Comcast, consumer, device, Dish Network, Facebook, Google, HBO
Go, ID, identification, IPO, login, London, March Madness, New York, number,
password, pay TV, Peter Kafka, platform, press release, provider, service,
Summer Olympics, Synacor, television, Time Warner Cable, TV everywhere,
Twitter, user, Vancouver, white label, Winter Olympics You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Just as the atom bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war
obsolete, the Internet seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-
destructive genius, an economic doomsday device rendering it impossible for
anyone to ever make a profit off anything again. It’s especially hopeless for
those whose work is easily digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim
Kreider on not getting paid for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version