WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher The Facebook Movie: Sorry, Mark–But Critics Like
It, They Really Like It! (Plus the Taiwanesed Version!) October 1, 2010 at
7:15 am PT Tweet Share Print The Facebook movie is finally here, the reviews
are in and–no surprise–the critics are raving. After all, it was done by
Hollywood pros director David Fincher and writer Aaron Sorkin, who have
apparently transformed the appalling badly penned and very fictional book
“Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook A Tale of Sex, Money,
Genius and Betrayal” by Ben Mezrich into some bit of cinematic art. But that’s
not BoomTown talking, so here is a rundown of five reviews by top critics, as
collected by the terrific Rotten Tomaties site (you can click on the links
below for the full reviews): Kenneth Turan, Los Angeles Times: “Smartly
written by Aaron Sorkin, directed to within an inch of its life by David
Fincher and anchored by a perfectly pitched performance by Jesse Eisenberg,
‘The Social Network’ is a barn-burner of a tale that unfolds at a splendid
clip.” Owen Glelbermann, Entertainment Weekly: “‘The Social Network’ has
everything you want in a thriller for the brain: Huge doses of ego and
duplicity, corporate backstabbing, and some very layered performances.” Joe
Morgenstern, The Wall Street Journal: “This account of Facebook’s founder, and
of the website’s explosive growth, quickly lifts you to a state of
exhilaration, and pretty much keeps you there for two hours.” Bob Mondello,
NPR: “‘The Social Network’ is terrific entertainment–an unlikely thriller that
makes business ethics, class distinctions and intellectual-property arguments
sexy.” Joe Neumaier, New York Daily News: “Weeks after seeing it, moments from
it will haunt you.” Hauntingly sexy is simply not the Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg that I know or what most think of the powerful social networking
site, but it seems to go on and on like that in the reviews, with every critic
using the film to wax poetic about life in the digital age. (Personally, I
find all my life lessons in “The Terminator” series, but no one seems to grok
my profound insight here.) On Rotten Tomatoes, which you can see above, the
movie got a 97 percent critics rating, although only an 81 percent audience
vote. Still, only Ben Affleck’s “The Town” is as close. In other words, Mark,
even if it is trashing you as a person, what you represent seems to have
inspired analog ecstasy and movie magic. And for most film critics, it seems,
a very happy ending. I will be seeing “The Social Network” later today at a
special screening in Silicon Valley, sponsored by Eastwick Communications,
which will be followed by a panel discussion titled: “Trust, Privacy, and
Ethics in the Facebook Age.” I am the moderator, and the interviewees include
M. Ryan Calo, director of the Consumer Privacy Project at Stanford Law School;
Matt Cohler, one of Facebook’s earliest execs (where he remains a special
advisor) and now a VC at Benchmark Capital; FutureWorks’ Brian Solis; and
ReputationDefender CEO Michael Fertik. Video TK, natch, although I am going
more for wobbly, rather than exhilarating. I certainly could not do much
better than another genius version by Next Media Animation from Taiwan. While
only in CGI, there is bathroom sex, beatings, peepholes and–say what?–a gay
love triangle. Really and truly–enjoy: Tagged with: Aaron Sorkin, Accidental
Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook A Tale of Sex Money Genius and
Betrayal, audience, Ben Affleck, Ben Mezrich, Benchmark Capital, book,
BoomTown, Brian Solis, CGI, cinematic, Consumer Privacy Project, critic, David
Fincher, digital, director, Eastwick Communications, entertainment,
Entertainment Weekly, ethics, Facebook, film, FutureWorks, Hollywood,
Internet, interview, Jess Eisenberg, Joe Morgenstern, Kara Swisher, Kenneth
Turan, Los Angeles Times, M. Ryan Calo, Mark Zuckerberg, Matt Cohler, Micahel
Fertik, Moderator, movie, New Media Animation, Owen Glebermann, panel,
privacy, ReputationDefender, review, Rotten Tomatoes, sexy, Silicon Valley,
social networking, Stanford Law School, Taiwan, Taiwanesed, The Social
Network, The Terminator, The Town, The Wall Street Journal, trust, VC, video,
writer You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some
of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 …
December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version