WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Four Years Later, How Does the Xbox’s Kinect
Stack Up to Its Original Vision? December 2, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Tweet Share
Print “Product vision: actual features and functionality may vary” —
Disclaimer on Project Natal E3 announcement video. How’s this for a blast from
the recent past? It’s the original video that Microsoft used to introduce
Project Natal, its console-connected camera, later renamed Kinect: With a new,
no-longer-optional version of the Kinect at the core of how Microsoft is
positioning the Xbox One, now seems like a good time to sort out what features
from this dorky video have made it into the real world, and what got left
behind in ProductVisionLand. Here’s my scorecard, based on three demos of the
new Kinect’s hardware that I sat through with Microsoft representatives this
year: Camera recognizes players: This one works as advertised, except that the
effect is much subtler. In the demos I’ve seen, games didn’t “speak” when new
people entered the room, but the console’s menus changed to acknowledge the
number of registered users whose faces it could “see.” | Ruling: Yep.
Characters turn to look at players as they walk: Outside of this video, I’ve
never seen anyone pace back and forth like Patton rallying the troops while
gaming, so it’s neither surprising nor especially off-putting that this is
missing. But, as Katie Boehret noted in her review of the Xbox One’s non-
gaming features, “As I moved around the living room and talked to my mom [via
Skype] from six different places, the Kinect camera panned to follow me, and
even zoomed in on my face for the best possible picture.” So this is
technologically feasible, though maybe not a high enough priority for games
developers. | Ruling: Sort of. Second-player-specific motion controls: Man,
that pit-crew simulator game looks exciting, huh? Kidding aside, this one’s
also MIA. The only Xbox One launch title with Kinect motion-tracking baked in
is Zumba Fitness: World Party, a dancing game that lets two players dance at
the same time. However, Microsoft said the new Kinect is more accurate than
its predecessor, so it’s not impossible that we’ll see secondary motion
controls in some game down the line. | Ruling: Not yet. Full-body motion
controls: This has been in the Kinect since the beginning, though if the new
hardware is as improved as advertised, we should see fewer reports of fuzzy
controls. | Ruling: Yep. Scan in real-world objects, turn them into virtual
objects in game: Nothing like this is anywhere to be found on the Kinect at
present. Hence that disclaimer. | Ruling: Nope. Speak to make video calls:
This is one of the much-touted non-gaming features of the Xbox One. So long as
the person is already in your Skype favorites list, saying “Xbox, call [name]”
starts a Skype video call with that person. | Ruling: Yep. Share outside
content in video calls: The closest thing to this in the Xbox One’s current
features is Snap, which lets console owners use two apps on the same screen.
However, the Xbox version of Skype doesn’t yet support Snapping, and the
handful of apps that do are for watching or playing content, not for sharing
it with others. But sharing data between two simultaneously open apps seems
like a “someday” feature. | Ruling: Not yet. Voice recognition: This one is
there, but it doesn’t work the way the video suggests. Rather than keying in
on the differences among people’s voices, the Kinect figures out who’s talking
because it knows at what angles and how far away people are seated from the
camera. A voice coming from one end of the couch indicates that the person
seated closest to that end is talking. | Ruling: Yep. “Controller-free
entertainment”: The Xbox One boasts a range of motion and voice controls —
here’s a full list in PDF form compiled by Microsoft. But in my demos of the
Kinect, a company rep covertly used a normal TV remote to adjust the volume
since, as Katie pointed out in her review, “saying ‘Volume down’ over and
over” can be frustrating. | Ruling: Sort of. That video does leave one
important question dangling: How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? Maybe the
Xbox Two (or whatever) will tell us. (Hat tip to Redditor fp0013 for digging
this up yesterday.) Tagged with: ATD Facebook, camera, facial recognition,
Kinect, Microsoft, motion controls, Project Natal, Skype, voice recognition,
XBox, Xbox One QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises Another $22 Million
December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review: WhatsApp vs.
Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT
Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19, 2013 at
1:52 pm PT Despite Free-to-Play Explosion, Apple Puts Spotlight on Paid Games
December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and
Oculus VR Makes Perfect Sense December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version