WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Silverlight 28 posts and columns on Silverlight All Writers Kara
Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey A Hollywood Experiment: Paramount Streams “Transformers” to Your
PC Peter Kafka in Media on October 4, 2011 at 8:51 am PT You can see why
Viacom’s studio would be interested in going straight to its consumers. But
it’s also easy to see the challenges. Binging in the Holidays (With Donuts!)
Ina Fried in Mobile on December 15, 2010 at 9:42 am PT Microsoft announced a
bunch of new Bing updates, most notably deeper Facebook integration and a
coming update for the iPhone app that allows users to upload their own
panorama images. AdobSoft? "Nonsense" on the Microsoft-Adobe Rumor (In Any
Case, It'd More Likely Be GooDobe) Kara Swisher in News on October 7, 2010 at
10:01 pm PT Investment bankers and stock markets can calm down–Microsoft and
Adobe are not in talks about an acquisition. Spurred by a story in the New
York Times that Microsoft was eyeing the software company for purchase, Adobe
stock went wild today, up 11.5 percent to $28.69. Except, according to
numerous sources at both companies with whom I talked today, it’s “nonsense.”
Watch Vikings vs. Saints Live on the Web, for Free, Tonight. But Don't Get
Used to It Peter Kafka in Media on September 9, 2010 at 11:27 am PT The NFL
kicks off again tonight with a great game, and if you’re not in front of a TV,
you’re not screwed: You can still watch the Minnesota vs. New Orleans game
live on the Web, legally and for free, via NBC’s Football Extra feature. But
don’t plan on making a habit of it. Microsoft’s Steve Ballmer and Ray Ozzie
Live at D8 John Paczkowski in D8 on June 3, 2010 at 8:17 am PT As an indicator
of the headwinds facing Microsoft and its CEO, Steve Ballmer, today, two
pieces of news last week are worth considering. The first, that Apple had
overtaken Microsoft as the world’s most valuable technology company, would
seem to signal Microsoft is no longer quite the driving force in technology
that it once was, particularly in the consumer space. The second, word of a
restructuring that will give Ballmer greater oversight of Microsoft’s
Entertainment and Devices Division, indicates the company is scrambling to
change this. Windows Phone 7 Series Even More Impressive Than Previously
Thought John Paczkowski in News on March 15, 2010 at 10:55 am PT Microsoft
added a bit more to its Windows Phone 7 Series story at its MIX10 event this
morning, revealing some of the mobile operating system’s features and
detailing how developers can write software for it. While it’s obviously far
too early to make any big declarations about it, the OS certainly seems
competitive–and compelling. Two Microsoft Search Dudes Talk About Bing!
(BoomTown's Flip Is Waiting by the Phone for the Google Search Gurus' Call!)
Kara Swisher in News on December 3, 2009 at 5:05 am PT Yesterday, BoomTown
liveblogged a demo session Microsoft held for reporters about some new
features on its Bing search service, a glimpse at what Twitter and Facebook
integration will look like and the debut of a nifty new beta of its online map
service. It is still the bazillion-dollar question–and I do mean a bazillion
dollars, since that’s about what Microsoft has lost online after many years of
trying–whether Bing can gain some truly significant share in the search market
and challenge the sector’s behemoth, Google. So, at the event, I talked to two
Microsoft search execs–Harry Shum, a corporate VP who is leading core search
development, and Brian MacDonald, corporate VP for Core Search Program
Management–about their thoughts on Bing so far. Microsoft Updates Bing John
Paczkowski in Social on December 2, 2009 at 11:00 am PT Liveblogging Bing
Demo: No Donuts, Unlikely to Pay for De-Indexing Google, but Cool New Maps
Kara Swisher in News on December 2, 2009 at 10:10 am PT BoomTown is awaiting a
passel of Microsoft execs, who will be talking about a range of new features
for Bing. I will be liveblogging, but I must say, I wish there were donuts.
Chrome Netbooks Headed to Market by 2010 Holidays John Paczkowski in News on
November 19, 2009 at 12:15 pm PT Google’s Sundar Pichai, vice president of
product management and Matthew Papakipos, engineering director for Google
Chrome OS–joined by founder Sergey Brin–discuss how they plan to bring the OS
to the market, then answer some questions from the audience. Google’s Chrome
OS: “It Just Works” John Paczkowski in News, November 19, 2009 at 9:51 am PT
Bing Keeps the Changes Coming–But Is It Working? Kara Swisher in News,
November 11, 2009 at 10:00 am PT Adobe's CTO Kevin Lynch Talks–But Not
Omniture! Kara Swisher in News, September 21, 2009 at 3:15 am PT Silverlight
Is Still Racing Flash Nick Wingfield, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in
News, September 16, 2009 at 5:05 am PT Seeing Is Believing: Bing Gets Visual
Search John Paczkowski in News, September 15, 2009 at 11:00 am PT Guns, Lots
of Guns: A Video of Microsoft's Bing Visual Search, Aiming Right at Google
Kara Swisher in News, September 15, 2009 at 2:52 am PT Bing: Now With Visual
Search John Paczkowski in News, September 14, 2009 at 11:11 am PT Bing 2.0:
"Super Imressive!” John Paczkowski in News, September 11, 2009 at 2:08 pm PT
CBS Says No One’s Getting Anything Done at Work: March Madness Web Traffic Up
56 Percent Peter Kafka in Media, March 20, 2009 at 1:33 pm PT A March Madness
Win for Microsoft: CBS Taps Silverlight Peter Kafka in Media, February 17,
2009 at 5:04 am PT Goodbye Netflix DVD Mailers … John Paczkowski in News,
November 3, 2008 at 5:03 am PT Netflix Announces Boot Camp-Free Streaming for
Mac John Paczkowski in News, October 27, 2008 at 5:51 am PT Funny, The Apple
Store Used to Render Properly in IE Mobile … John Paczkowski in News, April 1,
2008 at 10:24 am PT Microsoft Announces AIEEEEEEE!!!!!! 8 John Paczkowski in
News, March 5, 2008 at 3:17 pm PT Gates at CES: Big Pimpin' John Paczkowski in
News, January 6, 2008 at 5:59 pm PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version