WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ron Grant 29 posts and columns on Ron Grant All Writers Kara Swisher
Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason
Del Rey AOL's Longtime PR Head, Primrose, Steps Down Kara Swisher in News on
June 29, 2010 at 8:45 am PT Tricia Primrose, AOL’s long-serving communications
head, is stepping down from her job, according to a memo sent out by CEO Tim
Armstrong to staff. The move is personal, related to her family, according to
the memo. Except for BoomTown’s record run, Primrose is unusual in the length
of her tenure and number of AOL exec administrations she has survived,
including Steve Case and Bob Pittman, Jon Miller, Randy Falco and Ron Grant
and now, Armstrong. AOL’s Golden Parachutes: $28.4 Million for Four Former
Executives Peter Kafka in Media on March 16, 2010 at 5:45 am PT Want to make
money? Become a former AOL executive. The Web publisher paid out $28.4 million
in cash and stock to four top executives it replaced last year. It will pay
some of them millions more this year. Google Makes AOL’s Turnaround Task Even
Harder Peter Kafka in Media on November 13, 2009 at 6:43 am PT Little by
little, AOL is offering investors more and more details about what the company
will look like after it spins off from Time Warner. But the more AOL
discloses, the less attractive the company looks. The newest problem: AOL’s
steady flow of Google money is going away. AOL Spinoff Approved Last Night by
Time Warner Board: Here Are the Inside Details (Not in the Press Release) Kara
Swisher in News on May 28, 2009 at 5:23 am PT While there were reports that
the Time Warner board was meeting today to approve the spin-off of its AOL
online unit, it actually gave the move an “enthusiastic endorsement” last
night, according to sources. Time Warner just put out the press release about
the move that would make AOL an “independent, publicly traded company.” But,
several sources with knowledge of the situation said AOL CEO and Chairman Tim
Armstrong is set to make massive changes to the structure of AOL, sweeping
aside its current set-up almost completely. That includes keeping the access
business, which many thought would be sold off and putting many of the
companies it has recently acquired–including its pricey Bebo social networking
site–in a separate ventures unit, which will try to attract outside
investment. People Networks President Joanna Shields Leaving AOL (With Full
Internal Memos) Kara Swisher in News on May 26, 2009 at 9:20 am PT According
to an internal memo obtained by BoomTown, Joanna Shields, who came to AOL via
its troubled acquisition of the Bebo social-networking site, will be returning
to London to spend more time with her family and to “pursue entrepreneurial
interests.” Until recently, People Networks has been the third leg of the Time
Warner-owned online site’s businesses, which also include advertising and
content. But under new CEO Tim Armstrong, who was one of the top sales execs
at Google, AOL is largely abandoning its business-unit approach for a more
functional and centralized structure. Tiny Tim Takes Over AOL–But Does He Have
Big Plans? Kara Swisher in News on March 25, 2009 at 3:22 pm PT This is is
just too cute to pass up. Apparently, some staffers at AOL are using a teeny-
weeny cartoon of new CEO Tim Armstrong as the icon on their instant messaging
program. Since he got the job, the big version of Armstrong has been busy
making the rounds, even though he does not officially start until April 7.
He’s been talking up many current and former AOLers–many from its glory
days–to learn as much as he can about what he needs to do to force the once-
mighty online icon back to relevance. How to Juice AOL: A Spin-Out, Of Course,
But Also a Reunion at Dulles HQ? Kara Swisher in News on March 16, 2009 at
6:32 pm PT First came the go-go hello email, and now new AOL Chairman and CEO
Tim Armstrong will address all the troops tomorrow at 11 am EST and has chosen
to do so from, of all places, AOL’s old center of power in Dulles, Virginia.
Many at AOL hope that Armstrong will quickly and transparently lay out plans
for a spin-out of the Time Warner online unit from the media conglomerate,
where it has languished for years. And sources said Armstrong could further up
the ante and help raise the layoff-weary morale by having some former AOL
execs from its glory days as the top online player in person at the event.
You've Got Tim Armstrong!–His Entire First Email to AOL Staff Kara Swisher in
News on March 15, 2009 at 8:07 pm PT BoomTown has a feeling the very friendly
new AOL CEO and Chairman, Tim Armstrong, is not going to waste his time
chasing down and threatening to drop-kick leakers into outerspace. At least I
hope he has better things to do! Like, you know, turning around the troubled
Time Warner online unit. So here is his first memo to AOL staffers, leaked to
me. (Don’t go all Bartz on me, Tim, because it won’t work anyway!) Weekend
Update, 3.14.09–Special Roman "Ides of March" Edition Beth Callaghan in Social
on March 14, 2009 at 11:54 am PT In Silicon Valley, it’s hard to believe that
not everyone follows each shiny new thing on the Web, tracks OS versions as
intently as the storyline for “Battlestar Galactica” and remains jacked-in
pretty much 24/7. But it’s been known to happen. For instance, BoomTown was in
Rome earlier this week attending a conference on business, brand and
innovation that happens only once every seven years–and one of the biggest
takeaways? Hardly any Italians have heard of Twitter, and those who have don’t
really use it. Weekend Update, 3.14.09–Special Roman “Ides of March” Edition
Beth Callaghan in Social on March 14, 2009 at 11:54 am PT In Silicon Valley,
it’s hard to believe that not everyone follows each shiny new thing on the
Web, tracks OS versions as intently as the storyline for “Battlestar
Galactica” and remains jacked-in pretty much 24/7. But it’s been known to
happen. For instance, BoomTown was in Rome earlier this week attending a
conference on business, brand and innovation that happens only once every
seven years–and one of the biggest takeaways? Hardly any Italians have heard
of Twitter, and those who have don’t really use it. Quite a Stretch,
Armstrong… John Paczkowski in News, March 13, 2009 at 1:32 pm PT New AOL
Chairman and CEO–and About-To-Be-Ex-Googler–Tim Armstrong Speaks! Kara Swisher
in News, March 12, 2009 at 6:42 pm PT Time Warner's Jeff Bewkes Lays Off AOL
CEO and President–in a New York Minute Kara Swisher in News, March 12, 2009 at
3:36 pm PT AOL Gets a New CEO: Google Sales Boss Tim Armstrong (Plus the Whole
Press Release) Peter Kafka in Media, March 12, 2009 at 2:40 pm PT Rock, Meet
Hard Place: More Details of AOL Layoffs–But Are There More to Come? Kara
Swisher in News, March 10, 2009 at 4:49 pm PT AOL International Head Out:
Rejiggering Commences! Kara Swisher in News, February 26, 2009 at 2:44 am PT
MediaGlow, AOL, Glow? (Here's the Entire Press Release Too) Kara Swisher in
News, January 12, 2009 at 3:00 am PT The Yahoo-AOL Jabberfest Continues Ad
Infinitum (Plus Some Jerry Yang Chitter-Chatter on Video) Kara Swisher in
News, November 12, 2008 at 5:00 am PT The Deal Dance: AOL and Yahoo (and Even
Google and Microsoft) Continue to Waltz Kara Swisher in News, October 28, 2008
at 9:34 am PT What the Combined Yahoo-AOL Might Look Like, as Talks Drag
On–Oops–Heat Up! Kara Swisher in News, October 8, 2008 at 12:40 am PT Will
Yahoo and AOL Ever Stop Talking and Make a Deal? (In Related News,
Generalissimo Francisco Franco Is Still Dead.) Kara Swisher in News, October
7, 2008 at 12:11 am PT Long Live AOL's People Networks! (Or Better Red Than
Dead?) Kara Swisher in News, May 19, 2008 at 1:24 am PT Kara Visits EconSM
(and Lives Large With Jason Calacanis)! Kara Swisher in News, April 29, 2008
at 5:00 am PT All Hail, Smithers and Burns! Kara Swisher in News, April 24,
2008 at 12:52 am PT AOL's Big Give and Whirling Dervish Show! Kara Swisher in
News, April 15, 2008 at 3:03 am PT Page 1 of 212Next AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version