WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Spanish Startup Offers a Low-End Take on High-Tech Glasses
October 16, 2013 at 3:57 pm PT Tweet Share Print Santiago Ambit loves the idea
of adding technology to eyeglasses, but not the notion of having to walk
around looking like something out of a science fiction movie. The Spanish
entrepreneur wants to take a modest amount of technology to handle things like
basic remote control and notifications and put it into a package small enough
and inexpensive enough to rival traditional specs. “The idea is to fight with
regular glasses, not Google Glass,” Ambit said, trying on the prototype of the
specs. “With [these] you don’t look like a cyborg.” His 12-person firm has
created Ion Glasses, a $79 pair of eyewear that aims to be on the market early
next year. It has just the basics — bluetooth for communicating with an
Android or iOS device (or Mac or PC), a micro-USB port for charging, LED and
buzzer for notifications and a pair of buttons for controlling a camera
sensor. Ion has gone from a prototype the size of a slice of toast a year ago
to a near-production-ready size as of March. The company is taking backers on
Indiegogo (they have reached a little more than half of their $60,000 goal)
with an eye toward shipping the first glasses in February. Tagged with:
Google, Google Glass, Ion Eyewear, Ion Glass, Santiago Ambit, wearable
computing, wearables Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013
Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer
Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT
BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker
December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version