WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Carol Bartz’s First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the
Troops January 25, 2009 at 1:53 am PT Tweet Share Print With Yahoo earnings
expected to be dismal when the company reports fourth-quarter earnings this
Tuesday afternoon, new Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz is going to have to hang tough.
And she certainly seems capable of that. At her first all-hands meeting, Bartz
(pictured here) said, according to one report others have since confirmed to
BoomTown, that she would “drop-kick to f***ing Mars” employees who leak to the
press. That threat sent little shivers up BoomTown’s spine too, which is why
it must have taken so long for her first-week missive to Yahoo (YHOO) staff
worldwide to get to my inbox. Well played, Ms. Bartz, well played. (Plus, I
really am bad at football metaphors.) But turnabout is also fair play. And
that’s why I am redoubling my efforts to bring you up-to-date news from Yahoo
under Bartz’s leadership, as ATD has done so obsessively during the reigns of
ex-Yahoo CEOs Terry Semel and Jerry Yang (and, if you want to really date me,
Tim Koogle). In that spirit, this column broke the news last week that Zimbra
founder Satish Dharmaraj and marketing exec Eric Hadley were leaving. And the
week before that Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock was swanning around Manhattan with
Microsoft (MSFT) CEO Steve Ballmer and Time Warner (TWX) CEO Jeff Bewkes. More
to come this week, for sure, as all eyes turns to Yahoo’s financial
performance (which is no fault of Bartz’s, who’s just arrived but still has to
deliver the news). But until then, here’s that energetic memo Bartz sent out
to Yahoo troops after her first week there. From: Carol Bartz Sent: Friday,
January 16, 2009 3:12 PM To: all-worldwide@yahoo-inc.com Subject: My First
Friday It’s Friday! Wow, this week has gone fast. I thought I’d give you a
quick idea of how things went for me this week. First, a BIG thank you for all
the positive comments you’ve sent my way. It has really made me feel welcome.
And a special big thanks to all the guys (that’d be Willie, Anthony, Jack,
Allen, Daryl, Nathan, Ali, etc.) that worked so quickly to get Judy and I up
and running. I know I told you at the all-hands that I was going to be
bringing my lunch. That was before I saw the cafeteria–it rocks! Forget that
leftover stuff! My first impression of the Yahoos is that you guys are smart
and dedicated, and have a lot of great energy with a can-do attitude (ok,
maybe there’s some sucking up because I’m the boss, but it impressed the heck
out of me). I wasn’t too happy to see some “inside sources” quoting my all-
hands comments to the outside press–STOP IT! And while we’re on the subject of
all-hands, I cancelled the regularly scheduled after-earnings meeting simply
because it’s just too close to the one we just had. Don’t take it as something
it’s not. I’m pumped up and proud to be here. I’m going to spend my weekend
shopping for something purple (great excuse for a little retail therapy)…
Carol Tagged with: BoomTown, Carol Bartz, digital, drop-kick, Eric Hadley,
Internet, Jeff Bewkes, Jerry Yang, Kara Swisher, memo, Microsoft, Roy Bostock,
Satish Dharmaraj, Steve Ballmer, Terry Semel, Tim Koogle, Time Warner, Yahoo,
Zimbra Third Foxconn Worker Dies Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by
“Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture
Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie “Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT
Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks About $10M Funding of Hot Start-
Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May 18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn
Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011
at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave
Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version