WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Liz Gannes and John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS
Follow @LizGannes Recent Posts by Liz Gannes What Does a Bing-Powered Siri
Mean for Google? June 11, 2013 at 3:24 am PT Tweet Share Print Apple said on
Tuesday that Bing would be the default search engine in the upcoming iOS 7.
It’s the latest prying apart of Google services from default placement on
Apple devices, following YouTube and Google Maps. Here’s what going on: If you
ask Siri a question that it cannot answer with its pre-programmed system, the
virtual personal assistant tries Web search. Currently, Siri defaults to the
user’s preferred Safari search engine, which is set by default to Google but
can be changed to Yahoo or Bing. But with the debut of iOS 7, Siri search will
default to Bing instead. Not only will it use Microsoft’s search index to
answer all queries that it can’t quickly answer on its own, it will skip the
“would you like me to search the Web” interim step entirely. Caveat: You can
force Siri to search Google by asking it to do so — “search Google for
smartphones.” But that requires an explicit command, one that adds an
additional layer of complexity to a voice interface that’s supposed to be
intuitive. So, with Siri’s next iteration, Google search has very clearly been
pushed to the side. And that’s worth noting. Because while Siri might not be
widely used to search the Web today, it likely will be soon. The speech-
recognition and natural-language technology that underlies Siri is the future
of search. Indeed, Google itself is on record saying as much. If voice is the
future of search, and Bing becomes Siri’s go-to search engine come fall, what
does that mean for Google and its place in iOS? What happens when Google is no
longer the middleman for all those search results it currently monetizes on
iOS? There’s far too little information available currently to really say. But
these are questions worth asking. Because when these changes are implemented,
the last place where Google services will remain the default on iOS will be in
the search bar for mobile Safari. Signaling the tensions underlying this
simple switcheroo, Google and Apple representatives declined to comment on the
matter, even to clarify what exactly was happening. Microsoft Bing VP Derrick
Connell said in a blog post, “Making sure customers can have access to the
power of Bing where and when they need it has been a big focus of the work we
have done over the past few years, and we are excited to work with Apple to
deliver it to Siri users this fall.” Less than a month ago, a Windows 8
advertisement made fun of Siri with the slogan “Less talking, more doing.”
Tagged with: Apple, Bing, Google, iOS, iOS 7, search, Siri, WWDC Startups
Scrape Your Financial Data for Good. (No, Really!) December 31, 2013 at 10:56
am PT Quantified Elf: Tracking the Santa Trackers December 24, 2013 at 9:32 am
PT Venture Capitalist Tries to Drum Up Support for Splitting California Into
Six States December 23, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT General Catalyst Raises $675M
Seventh Fund December 23, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Knewton Raises $51M for
Personalized Learning December 20, 2013 at 10:03 am PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Network+Effect Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There’s a lot of attention and PR around Marissa, but their product
lineup just kind of blows.— Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the
September issue of Vogue Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version