WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple's Last Macworld: Not
With a Bang, but an Update to iWork January 6, 2009 at 3:28 pm PT Tweet Share
Print Analysts expecting Apple’s Macworld 2009 keynote to be light on
revolutionary products or otherwise “modest” or “neutral” were not
disappointed. Well, they were disappointed, but they knew they were going to
be disappointed going in, so it shouldn’t have come as a shock, right? Said
Robert Francello, head of equity trading for Apex Capital, “There were some
innovative products, but no true blockbusters. People were bullish going into
it, and now they’re kind of taking money off the table.” Indeed, Apple shares
closed down 1.65 percent today, a clear reflection of the lackluster
announcements made this morning. “[The] Macworld keynote was underwhelming as
expected,” said Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. “The lack of significant
announcements adds clarity to Steve Jobs’ absence. We believe he remains the
primary spokesman and active leader of Apple.” Well, obviously. He did say as
much yesterday, didn’t he? That being the case, perhaps there’s something to
be read into the first song of the short Tony Bennett set that closed today’s
event, “The Best is Yet to Come.” Apple (AAPL) didn’t uncrate the new iMacs or
Mac minis that many expected of it this morning. Nor did it demo Snow Leopard,
the next iteration of OS X. Perhaps it will in the months ahead, at its own
event and on its own terms. And with Steve Jobs presiding, of course. The best
is yet to come, right? Macworld ’09 Keynote Coverage: Macworld ’09 LIVE
Macworld ’09: All About the Mac, iLife ’09, Faces and Places Macworld ’09:
iMovie ’09 Macworld ’09: Garageband “Learn to Play,” “Artist Lessons” Macworld
’09: iWork ’09, iWork.com Macworld ’09: 17-inch MacBook Pro With 8-Hour
Battery Macworld ’09: One Last Thing–DRM-Free iTunes Plus, 3G iTunes and Tony
Bennett Macworld 2009: Live and in Living Color [PHOTO SLIDESHOW] Tagged with:
Apple, Gene Munster, John Paczkowski, MacWorld, Phil Schiller, Piper Jaffray
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version