WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Former AOL Media Exec Marty Moe to Join Engadget
Gang of Eight at SB Nation April 6, 2011 at 8:49 am PT Tweet Share Print Just
what is SB Nation’s Jim Bankoff up to? Earlier this week, he hired away eight
staffers from AOL’s Engadget in order to create a competing tech news and
gadget reviews site. And now, according to sources close to the situation, the
former AOL content head is close to hiring another former top AOL media exec,
Marty Moe (pictured here), to manage it and also more niche sites the blog
network is contemplating launching. Sources said the hiring of Moe is not yet
complete, but is close to being struck. Tyler Bleszinski, SB Nation’s founder
and sports editorial director, will continue to manage the start-up’s sports
blog network, while Moe will focus on the company’s tech vertical and any
other future categories. Moe left AOL less than a year ago, after nine years
working at the New York-based portal, including with Bankoff. Both had been
involved in the purchase of Weblogs Inc., which included the flagship Engadget
site. Now, it seems they will be trying to remake the concept of a content
network, although in a more entrepreneurial and innovative setting. The new
tech site–which is still unnamed and will be helmed editorially by outgoing
Engadget Editor in Chief Josh Topolsky–will debut some time in the fall. It is
the first content expansion at the Washington, D.C., SB Nation, which has
heretofore been exclusively focused on sports. Topolsky will be joined by
former Engadget managing editor Nilay Patel and also former staffers Paul
Miller, Joanna Stern, Ross Miller, Chris Ziegler, Justin Glow and Dan Chilton.
All of the above had left Engadget in a series of departures of late, all due
to increasing unhappiness with AOL’s management and content strategy. Paul
Miller and Ross Miller, who are not related, both stated publicly that they
did not like the editorial direction AOL was going in, especially a
controversial content strategy document titled “The AOL Way.” New AOL content
head Arianna Huffington has shifted toward a more journalistic path, but the
talent bleed began before AOL’s $315 million purchase of the Huffington Post.
Many new upstart content sites such as SB Nation have begun to try to eat away
at the big portal’s content strategy–pushed by its CEO Tim Armstrong–with
perhaps more nimble efforts of their own. And those smaller companies are also
well funded. SB Nation completed a $10.5 million Series C venture round, led
by Khosla Ventures, in the fall. It had already raised about $13 million in
total funding from Accel Partners, Allen & Company and Comcast Interactive
Capital, as well as from angel investors such as Ted Leonsis and others in
Silicon Valley. Tagged with: Accel Partners, Allen & Company, angel, AOL,
Arianna Huffington, arrivals departures feature, blog, BoomTown, category,
Chris Ziegler, Comcast Interactive Capital, content, Dan Chilton, digital,
editor-in-chief, editorial, Engadget, entrepreneurial, expansion, flagship,
funding, gadget, Huffington Post, Industry Moves, innovation, Internet,
investor, Jim Bankoff, Joanna Stern, journalistic, Justin Glow, Kara Swisher,
Khosla Ventures, management, Marty Moe, network, New York, niche, Nilay Patel,
Paul Miller, portal, purchase, review, Ross Miller, SB Nation, Silicon Valley,
software plus services strategy, sports, Start-up, strategy, talent, Ted
Leonsis, Tim Armstrong, Tyler Bleszinski, venture, vertical, Washington D.C.,
Weblogs Inc. You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT
Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1
… December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version