WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Oracle Acquires Taleo for $1.9 Billion
February 9, 2012 at 5:32 am PT Tweet Share Print Another day, another deal in
the cloud software space. Today, software giant Oracle stepped up to acquire
Taleo, the cloud-based human resources software concern, for $46 a share, or
$1.9 billion. The price works out to an 18 percent premium on Taleo, based on
its closing price on Wednesday. The deal can’t help but be seen as a response
to SAP’s acquisition last year of SuccessFactors, a Taleo rival. Indeed,
Taleo’s shares have appreciated significantly in recent months — from $29 to
$42 a share over the course of two weeks in December — on speculation that it
would be the next cloud company to fall to the recent burst of acquisitions in
the cloud software space. And so it has. If Taleo is a new name to you,
perhaps you should go back and read this interview I did with its CEO Mike
Gregoire (pictured), about a week after the SuccessFactors deal. The company
had been on track to do $325 million in revenue, and has been growing at a 20
percent annual clip. What’s strange is that Gregoire seemed uninterested in
being acquired by Oracle at the time, mainly because he had lived through
Oracle’s hostile takeover of PeopleSoft, and had been with that company “until
the bitter end.” Apparently, Gregoire and his board have seen past any
reticence about Oracle this time around. The press release is below: Oracle
Buys Taleo Adds Leading Talent Management Cloud Offering to the Oracle Public
Cloud DUBLIN, CA–(Marketwire -02/09/12)- Oracle today announced that it has
entered into an agreement to acquire Taleo Corporation (NASDAQ: TLEO – News),
a leading provider of cloud-based talent management for $46.00 per share or
approximately $1.9 billion, net of Taleo’s cash and debt. Taleo’s Talent
Management Cloud helps organizations attract, develop, motivate and retain
human capital to improve performance and drive growth. Together, Oracle and
Taleo expect to create a comprehensive cloud offering for organizations to
manage their Human Resource operations and employee careers. The combination
is expected to empower employees and managers to effectively manage careers
throughout their entire employment, enable organizations to retain talent and
optimize costs, and improve the employee experience through faster on boarding
and better collaboration with team members via social media. The Board of
Directors of Taleo has unanimously approved the transaction. The transaction
is expected to close mid-year 2012, subject to Taleo stockholder approval,
certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. “Human
capital management has become a strategic initiative for organizations,” said
Thomas Kurian, Executive Vice President, Oracle Development. “Taleo’s industry
leading talent management cloud is an important addition to the Oracle Public
Cloud.” “Taleo’s integrated cloud-based talent management solutions optimize
how organizations hire, manage, develop and reward their employees and gives
companies the intelligence needed to capitalize on their most critical asset —
their people,” said Michael Gregoire, Chairman and CEO, Taleo. “Joining forces
with Oracle gives us the opportunity to better serve our customers.” Tagged
with: cloud computing, cloud software, enterprise software, human resources,
Larry Ellison, Mike Gregoire, Oracle, PeopleSoft, SAAS, SAP, software,
software as a service, SuccessFactors, talent-management, Taleo Apple Denies
Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t
Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at
12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at
8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of
the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-
Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version