WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent Posts by Peter Kafka Did Apple
Just Kick Adobe (And Wired Magazine) in the Teeth? April 8, 2010 at 2:29 pm PT
Tweet Share Print It looks like Apple just stepped up its attacks against
Adobe and its Flash standard–used throughout the Web and apparently hated with
much passion by Steve Jobs. If Daring Fireball’s John Gruber is correct in
parsing Apple’s new developer agreement, then Apple (AAPL) is preventing Adobe
(ADBE) from using a tool that will port applications created in Flash to
Apple’s iPhone and iPad operating systems. Adobe has been pointing to that
workaround as its answer to Apple’s anti-Flash campaign, arguing that
developers could create programs that work on most of the Web as well as
Apple’s platforms. Now it appears that Steve Jobs and company are forcing
developers to choose: Our way or no way. If true, it’s yet another blow to
publisher Condé Nast’s efforts to build tablet magazines with Adobe’s help.
Last year, the publisher seemed confident that its effort with Adobe would
allow it to create a single digital format that worked on all kinds of iPad-
style tablets. But by the end of February, it was rethinking that and began
pulling back on plans to work with Adobe. Caught in the crossfire: Condé’s
Wired Magazine, which is supposed to be the first title produced by Adobe that
works on the iPad. On the flip side, the other path that Condé has been
pursuing–creating less ambitious versions of its titles directly for the iPad,
like the GQ app it started selling last weekend–now looks very smart. I’ve
asked Apple and Condé Nast for comment. Here’s Adobe’s response, via spokesman
Russell Brady: “Can’t say that much at the moment other than that we are aware
of the new SDK language and are looking into it. We continue to develop our
Packager for iPhone OS technology, which we plan to debut in Flash CS5.”
Tagged with: Adobe, advertising, Apple, Apple Tablet Feature, applications,
Conde Nast, CS5, Daring Fireball, developer agreement, digital, Flash, GQ,
Internet, iPad, iPhone, John Gruber, MediaMemo, operating systems, OS,
Packager, Peter Kafka, platform, programs, publisher, Russell Brady, SDK,
software, Steve Jobs, Web, Wired magazine Apple’s Cloud Music Hang-up May 20,
2011 at 10:31 am PT Stephen Colbert Finds Another Revenue Stream for Facebook
May 20, 2011 at 7:15 am PT Peer39 Raises Another $5 Million for Ad Targeting
That Promises Not to Invade Your Privacy May 19, 2011 at 12:58 pm PT Amazon
Reaches The E-Book Tipping Point: Kindle Sales Blow By Print May 19, 2011 at
6:36 am PT How To Sell an iTunes Subscription: Charge a Few Bucks a Month, Or
Nothing May 19, 2011 at 4:41 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version