WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Remembering Your Password
August 4, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print Here are a few questions about
computers I’ve received recently from people like you, and my answers. I have
edited and restated the questions a bit, for readability. This week my mailbox
contained questions about keeping track of passwords, getting rid of a browser
hijacker and spam that harvests your address book. If you have a question,
send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com, and I may select it to be answered here in
Mossberg’s Mailbox. In my financial and professional life, I use many
password-protected sites. Some force a particular syntax on me, and I am
concerned that even if I could use the same password for every situation, it
is probably not safe to do so. How do I keep track of all this, without
leaving a list somewhere for a hacker to find? This is a widespread dilemma,
and many people cope with it either by using the same few passwords for
everything or by keeping a list of passwords in a computer file, or on a piece
of paper. Those methods are insecure. One solution is to use a special program
that stores all your passwords in an encrypted file. This file is itself
protected by a password, but if you simply memorize that one password, you can
refer to all your others whenever you like. There are many such programs, and
many are free for individual users, or for up to a modest number of passwords.
Two examples are Any Password, by Roman Lab (www.romanlab.com/a pw/) and
Password Agent by Moon Software (www.moonsoftware.com). I haven’t reviewed
these and can’t say if they are good. Still, they may be worth a try. Another
option is to buy a fingerprint reader, or a computer with such a reader built
in. These devices typically come with software that will store all your
passwords in an encrypted file and automatically enter any password when you
simply swipe your finger over the reader. How can I get rid of
SearchforFree.info, which has taken over my home page, and return to Google as
my home page. I have heard that the former is a hijack. Is there an easy way
to return my home page to where I want it? I’m not familiar with
SeachforFree.info, but it has been identified as a browser hijacker — a
spyware program that takes over a person’s home page and/or chosen search
engine in place of the user’s own choice. The only way I know of to
permanently get rid of this kind of program is to run a reputable antispyware
program at all times. That should remove it and prevent it from returning. The
antispyware program I recommend is Spy Sweeper from Webroot Software
(www.webroot.com), but other good antispyware programs also may do the trick.
If you try one of them, and it doesn’t work, try another. I receive spam email
daily that displays in the “from” line the names of real people whom I use
regularly in my normal outgoing email. I run an antispyware program daily, but
the use of these names continues and it’s kind of frightening. Does this
happen to everyone? It happens to a lot of people. Some spammers use malicious
software, usually in the form of a virus-laden email, that harvests names from
an address book and then uses them as the fake “from” address in spam. They do
this so that antispam filters won’t catch the spam, because most filters are
set to allow messages from people in your address book or in your sent-message
folder to pass through. In your case, the malicious software or virus may have
harvested your own address book, or the address book of one or more of your
correspondents, which has many similar entries. Because of this tactic, some
people even get spam that they appear to have sent themselves. Your
antispyware software isn’t likely to touch this problem. You need a good
antivirus program that scans email, and a good spam filter. Even with those,
however, it will be hard or impossible to undo any damage that has been done,
especially since the infection may have occurred on a friend’s personal
computer, not your own. The best you can do is to look for some identifying
characteristic, other than the “from” line, in this troublesome email, and set
your antispam filter or the rules in your email program to block messages with
that characteristic, regardless of who the sender seemed to be. * * * Because
of the volume of e-mail I receive, I can’t routinely answer individual
questions by e-mail, or consult on individual problems or purchasing
decisions. I read all questions I receive and select three each week to answer
in the column. Write to Walter S. Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with
antispyware, browser, hijack, password, SearchforFree Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version