WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher BoomTown Heads to TED (And Promises No
Pretentious Tweets!) February 10, 2010 at 12:09 am PT Tweet Share Print What
is it about TED, the iconic conference founded an astonishing 25 years ago,
that gets so many people who don’t go in a lather? Read one tweet from Mathew
Ingram of GigaOm, for example: “and so it begins–all the pretentious and
annoying tweets from people at TED, just to prove that they are that special
:-)” Yes, that’s it! Maybe because they did not get enough hugs as kids!
(Personally, I would tweet from, like, a fist-pumping party with the “Jersey
Shore” cast to prove I was special.) All kidding aside and back to TED, I
suppose it could be the high cost of the ticket or the fact that it is hard to
get in at all for any price, since it sells out so quickly, or that the
presentations from the stage by some of the world’s top thinkers are so
incredibly highbrow. All true. Nonetheless, TED still represents one of the
best venues for deep and varied thinking on a wide range of important issues,
even if there are moments that might seem twee and elitist to some. TED2010
officially opens tomorrow morning in Long Beach, Calif., although events at
the conference actually began last night. Speakers run the gamut and will talk
on a wide range of topics, from poverty to clean tech to global warming to
ukulele playing. There are celebrities and billionaires in the crowd too,
which also includes a lot of Silicon Valley’s movers and shakers. All that
Davos-in-California vibe is what probably irks people, but it is a lot less
annoying than you might imagine. In fact, as someone who runs another
conference–D: All Things Digital–with Walt Mossberg, I can appreciate how well
TED is managed, run and presented. To the naysayers, I would also have to
point out this: The entire content of TED–as well as other TED events across
the globe–pretty quickly gets put up on the Web, on one of the better designed
and more innovative Web sites out there, for all to experience. Embeddable and
free. While it might not be the same as schmoozing real time, if it is quality
content you care about–and I do–then anyone with Internet access can
eventually see it. And it is indeed well worth exploring that nonprofit
conference–originally created by Richard Saul Wurman, using the acronym for
“Technology, Entertainment and Design,” and now run by Chris
Anderson–digitally. So even if you are overly annoyed that you aren’t
there–Chris, you might want to invite Sarah stat anyway to stop her from
writing another heartbreaking diatribe next year–see it for yourself online
from the TEDTalks site. Here is one video of activist Eve Ensler, for example,
talking about “girl cells” at TEDIndia, which is just amazing to hear–and
there are plenty like it to choose from: Tagged with: activist, BoomTown,
California, Chris Anderson, clean tech, conference, content, D: All Things
Digital, digital, entertainment, Eve Ensler, event, girl cells, global
warming, innovation, Internet, issue, Jersey Shore, Kara Swisher, Long Beach,
nonprofit, poverty, Richard Saul Wurman, Silicon Valley, TED, TEDIndia,
TEDTalks, topic, tweet, Twitter, ukulele playing, video You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I’m a giant vat of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining
Yahoo AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version