WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Jason Del Rey ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @DelRey Recent
Posts by Jason Del Rey With a Fresh $3 Million, ActionX Looks to Help
Retailers Turn App Downloads Into Mobile Commerce Dollars September 16, 2013
at 5:00 am PT Tweet Share Print ActionX CEO Evan Schwartz Talk to any company
that has a mobile app and you’ll likely hear that the most challenging part
about the app ecosystem is not getting people to download an app — it’s
convincing them to come back time and time again. ActionX, a startup led by
former Thumbplay execs, initially focused on helping gaming and commerce
companies increase downloads of their apps, mainly through buying mobile app
install ads on Facebook. But now it says it will tackle that bigger challenge:
Helping commerce and media companies turn those app downloaders into shoppers
and subscribers. And there’s a lot at stake. Mobile commerce sales topped $10
billion in the U.S. in the first half of this year, according to a comScore
estimate. To fuel the new initiative, ActionX has raised $3 million from
investors including SoftBank Capital, Verizon Ventures and Lerer Ventures,
bringing total funding to $5 million. “Last year was about driving downloads
and moving up the app store,” said CEO Evan Schwartz. “This year is about
driving transactions in commerce and subscriptions.” For starters, ActionX is
going to use a tactic that’s now popular on the desktop Web, but is still
rather challenging on mobile devices: Ad retargeting, the practice by which
advertisers place ads in front of people around the Web after they left a
website without completing a desired action (i.e., making a purchase). For
example, someone shopping for sneakers who leaves the retailer’s site may see
ads for those same sneakers when surfing elsewhere on the Web if they are the
target of retargeting. The practice has historically been difficult to execute
on mobile devices, where so-called tracking cookies are blocked by default on
Apple iOS devices. But advertisers can now track an iPhone or iPad user’s
browsing habits on apps and websites through something called a IDFA or ID For
Advertisers. As a result, if a shopper leaves an app without making a
purchase, ActionX will use this identifier, which does not include personally
identifiable information, to find that person on another mobile app or
website, and will place an ad in front of them. It buys this ad space through
the myriad mobile ad networks that aggregate ad real estate on mobile devices.
Interestingly enough, Schwartz’s co-founder at Thumbplay, the ringtone-turned-
music-subscription business that sold to Clear Channel, is Are Traasdahl, a
CEO at another Lerer Ventures-backed mobile ad targeting firm, Tapad. Another
connection to the past: Lerer Ventures’ Eric Hippeau was a board member at
Thumbplay when he was a partner at SoftBank Capital. ActionX said it has
signed deals to use its mobile retargeting product on work for JackThreads,
the men’s online flash sale site owned by Thrillist Media Group, coupon app
SnipSnap, as well as Forbes. The company will offer retargeting on tablets and
mobile phones. When too aggressive, retargeting can potentially turn shoppers
off. When done right, it can indeed lure people back to a website by reminding
them of an action they didn’t complete, but wanted to. Still, a big open
question is whether retargeting can be as effective on the small screens of
smartphones. Tagged with: ActionX, Are Traasdahl, Evan Schwartz, Forbes,
Jackthreads, Lerer Ventures, mobile retargeting, retargeting, Softbank
Capital, Tapad, Verizon Ventures That Giant Bitcoin Crash in the Wake of China
Restrictions? It Never Happened. December 30, 2013 at 8:00 am PT This Is What
It Looks Like Inside an Amazon Warehouse (Photos) December 23, 2013 at 7:30 am
PT A New Perk for Google Employees? It Could Be Low-Interest Personal Loans.
December 22, 2013 at 12:03 pm PT By Setting Debit Limits Following Target
Breach, Chase Looking Out for Itself, Too December 22, 2013 at 8:03 am PT As
Amazon’s Stock Hits All-Time High, Warehouse Issues Under Scrutiny December
21, 2013 at 3:00 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version