WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher With HP’s Raising of the World’s Biggest White
Flag, Will Jon Rubinstein and Todd Bradley Surrender Too? August 19, 2011 at
9:08 am PT Tweet Share Print It wasn’t until dinner this past Sunday night
that CEO Léo Apotheker told Todd Bradley, the head of its Personal Systems
Group, that he was about to push key parts of Bradley’s huge unit off the
cliff. That included stopping selling hardware — smartphones and TouchPad
tablets — based on the webOS it acquired from Palm last year, a $1.2 billion
deal that Bradley played a big part in. In addition, HP said it was
considering spinning out its PC business and would “explore options to
optimize the value of webOS software going forward.” But, until a few days
ago, several sources close to the situation said, Bradley knew nothing of
these plans and neither did webOS’s key driver of late, former Palm CEO Jon
Rubinstein. This surprising lack of disclosure by HP to two of its key execs
begs the question: Will they stay or will they go now? According to sources,
staying put is the plan for both for now, although it depends on what such a
spinoff will look like. It’s clear at this point that Bradley — who was once
the CEO of Palm himself and was once considered the most likely successor to
former CEO Mark Hurd, before Hurd’s sudden resignation last year — is the
leading CEO candidate of its spun-out independent PC company if that’s what HP
decides to do. But it’s not a lock, either. And, apparently, Bradley has not
been locked in with regards to a spinoff either and would likely have a lot of
offers from tech companies in Silicon Valley to choose from if he wanted. “Who
will they get if Bradley goes at this point, if they want to spin it off?”
said one person at the company. But, added another: “Bradley is in the catbird
seat if he wants to be and it’s his to lose.” That depends, of course, on what
his is. Questions include: Will that new company include any of the consumer
part of the printer business — a huge cash cow — if HP is indeed leaving the
arena? Will webOS go with the new set-up, so that it can take advantage of the
patents and licensing income? Will HP continue to be the brand name on the
devices this computer company spinoff would make? These are just a few of the
issues in a deal of untold complexity. But perhaps the most obvious one is who
would get custody of Rubinstein? To begin: Bradley is a big fan and would
certainly want him around if there were a spinoff, said several sources. But
to do what? Rubinstein, a well-known tech exec, had been leading the webOS
efforts for HP, but was recently moved upstairs to a larger but fuzzy role, to
run product development and innovation for the PSG unit. He has been reporting
to Bradley. At the time, the move was seen by many as the first step out the
door by Rubinstein, with one person joking that “he’d much rather be at his
Mexican beach house than HP.” Among the disgruntlements: Several sources said
Rubinstein felt that TouchPad wasn’t ready to ship and that Apotheker has
reneged on a public promise not to until the tablet was “perfect.” That ire is
no surprise, since the device was then subject to tough criticism, including
by AllThingsD’s Walt Mossberg, who noted in his review: “… In my view, despite
its attractive and different user interface, this first version is simply no
match for the iPad. It suffers from poor battery life, a paucity of apps and
other deficits.” In addition, unlike others there, Rubinstein has been more of
a product guy and not an HP lifer. That begs the question of whether he’d like
to sign up to another big company stint, even if he had more control. “He’s
been to that party before, and the reality is that he is not a career big
company person,” said one person. One important note: Rubinstein was unable to
make webOS work when Palm was already a standalone independent company. And,
although a new HP spinoff would be huge and better funded, it is still very
much an uphill and competitive battle on the computer, smartphone and tablet
fronts. In addition, keeping a competitive operating system going is also a
costly bear of an issue. “It’s a cyclical, high-velocity business and there
are other huge players from Apple and Google in smartphones and tablets to
Lenovo and Dell in PCs,” said another source. “There might be a lot of great
products in the pipeline for webOS, but it will not be easy to make them a
success.” That said, noted another person who knows Rubinstein well, “he
really cares about webOS and does not want to see it go away.” That might be
true, although that is just what might happen if HP decides to sell it off to
someone else or makes the spinoff a difficult endeavor. In that case, it’s an
offer Bradley and Rubinstein can refuse. Related posts Hewlett-Packard Says
Goodbye to PCs, webOS HP Pulls Plug on webOS Hardware, Leaves OS Future in
Doubt HP And webOS: But They Seemed So Happy Together! Liveblogging HP’s
“Everything Including the Kitchen Sink” Conference Call HP’s Apotheker: We
Struck Out with WebOS, but Maybe Someone Else Wants a Swing? Viral Video: Like
Palm’s Creepy Naked Lady, TouchPad’s Floating Celeb Heads Get the HP Boot
Licensing webOS May Not Be Much of an Option for HP Hewlett-Packard’s PC
Business: What Happens Next? Worth More Dead Than Alive: Could HP Turn a
Profit on Palm’s Patents? With HP’s Raising of the World’s Biggest White Flag,
Will Jon Rubinstein and Todd Bradley Surrender Too? Tagged with: AllThingsD,
Apple, battery, candidate, deal, Dell, device, Google, hardware, HP,
independent, Jon Rubinstein, Lenovo, Léo Apotheker, licensing, Mark Hurd,
operating system, Palm, patent, PC, Personal Systems Group, printer, PSG,
resignation, Silicon Valley, smrtphone, software, spin off, tablet, Todd
Bradley, TouchPad, unit, webOS You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31,
2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD
Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us
if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD.
December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone.
What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye:
Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013
at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version