WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Federated Media Buys Lijit Networks October 4,
2011 at 5:00 am PT Tweet Share Print San Francisco-based Federated Media
Publishing said it has bought Lijit Networks, a smaller online advertising
analytics and tools firm. The price for the Boulder, Colo., start-up — which
was founded in 2006 — was undisclosed, but it has received just under $29
million in venture funding from firms such as Foundry Group. Federated said
Lijit would continue to operate independently, “but in conjunction.” In an
interview yesterday, Federated CEO Deanna Brown said the buy was to round out
offerings for its clients and to better compete in a world where most of the
online ads go to the top five players. “I am excited we can give both
publishers and advertisers more tools for engagement and monetization,” she
said. Federated, which lost big social-media news site Mashable earlier this
year, also benefits from increased scale and inventory of sites. Lijit CEO
Todd Vernon, who will become EVP of technology at Federated, said that it was
ever more important for ad-focused firms on the Web to “deliver the entire
stack.” “Lijit has a core competency in the media business, and combined with
FM’s best-in-class sales force, we can offer everything needed to do effective
online campaigns,” he said. Here’s the official press release: Federated Media
Publishing To Acquire Lijit Networks Combined Entity Will Power More than
77,000 Independent Publishers Across the Web Via Comprehensive Advertising,
Analytics and Reader Engagement Tools SAN FRANCISCO, October 4, 2011 —
Federated Media Publishing, which powers the best of the Independent Web,
today announced the acquisition of Lijit Networks, Inc. Lijit is a leading
provider of advertising services, audience analytics and reader engagement
tools for online publishers of all sizes. The combined entity will reach
nearly 300 million global unique visitors according to Quantcast. Lijit,
headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, will continue to operate independently but
in conjunction with the rest of Federated Media Publishing. Lijit CEO Todd
Vernon and COO Walter Knapp will take on corresponding EVP of Technology and
SVP of Platform Revenue responsibilities at Federated Media Publishing and
will report directly to Federated Media Publishing’s CEO, Deanna Brown.
Additionally, Lijit board member Seth Levine from Foundry Group will join the
Federated Media Publishing board of directors, effective immediately. With the
addition of Lijit Networks’ existing publisher relationships, Federated Media
Publishing will now reach more than 77,000 online publishers and nearly 15,000
expert communities, making it one of the largest companies to power publishing
on the Independent Web. The acquisition vastly expands the combined company’s
inventory of sites, offering premium advertisers improved scale and reach.
Publishers Will Profit and Flourish Lijit helps publishers more thoughtfully
interact with and better understand their audience by providing analytics and
engagement tools that build deeper relationships, lengthen time on site and
increase page views. These robust and actionable audience analytics and reader
engagement tools leverage intent, behavior and demographics to help publishers
of all sizes increase revenue and better engage their readers. Additionally,
the combined advertising services provided by FM and Lijit will give
publishers of all sizes a revenue stream that complements existing sales
efforts and helps grow and monetize their website businesses, no matter what
the size. Advertisers Can More Easily Analyze and Engage The combination of
Federated Media Publishing’s premium online advertising and conversational
marketing programs and Lijit’s proprietary data collection tools will empower
advertisers to better understand user intent, contextual relevance and
demographic information. And by leveraging the combined entity’s extensive
publisher relationships, advertisers will have unprecedented scale on the
Independent Web. Introducing Programmatic Buying to the Independent Web
Programmatic buying is one of the fastest growing trends in digital media and
the introduction of Lijit’s robust RTB exchange will equip media buyers with
one of the largest platforms available. Over the next few months, Federated
Media Publishing and Lijit will develop a series of private exchanges that
will highlight leading independent publishers. These exchanges will allow
brands to engage active, passionate consumers found in highly conversational
online communities and publications, while delivering premium CPM rates via
FM’s conversational marketing programs. Quote “The Lijit Networks team is just
as passionate and committed to powering publishers as we are at Federated
Media Publishing and that was a crucial element to this decision,” said Deanna
Brown, chief executive officer, Federated Media Publishing. “Our combined
relationships, proprietary tools and conversational marketing services will be
invaluable to publishers and advertisers alike.” “Federated Media invented how
to leverage authentic voices and engaged conversations that exist in the
Independent Web,” said Todd Vernon, founder and CEO of Lijit Networks. “The
combination of the two companies is a game changer in the industry that
unlocks new opportunities for both companies and our combined publisher
network.” Tagged with: advertiser, advertising, analytics, boulder, buy,
California, campaign, client, Colorado, Deanna Brown, engagement, Federated
Media Publishing, Foundry Group, funding, interview, inventory, Lijit
Networks, Mashable, monetization, news, offering, platform, press release,
publisher, revenue, sales, San Francisco, scale, stack, Todd Vernon, tools,
venture You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some
of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 …
December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version