WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl “The Narrative Lags the Reality” in HP
Turnaround Effort, CEO Whitman Says (Video) January 16, 2013 at 9:04 am PT
Tweet Share Print Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman argued once again for
patience in her effort to get her troubled company back on its feet, saying
that what people say and think about the company now is several steps behind
the company’s actual condition. “The narrative lags the reality,” Whitman said
in an interview at The Wall Street Journal’s CIO Network conference in San
Diego. But the narrative will only change as the company delivers on results
that she has promised. Having taken more than $17 billion in combined write-
downs for the acquisitions of EDS and Autonomy, 2012 has been portrayed by
Whitman and HP CFO Cathie Lesjak as the year during which all the bad news was
tackled, and 2013 is to be the year when the arduous work of repairing the
company begins in earnest. Whitman sounded a note of confidence: “We’ve got
the right people in the right jobs at the right time, and you can feel it. …
But we have to be patient.” Whitman also said that HP “paid too much” for
Autonomy, the British software company for which it spent north of $11 billion
in 2011. About $5.5 billion of HP’s $8.8 billion write-down announced in
November was attributed to that acquisition. Whitman reiterated HP’s argument
that Autonomy misrepresented itself, making it appear to be more valuable than
it was, and fooled auditors at Deloitte who were vetting Autonomy’s books.
“The auditor wasn’t exactly a Brand X auditor, and did you ever dream that the
financials would have represented the true financial state of the company?”
Below are some video highlights: Tagged with: accounting, acquisitions,
Autonomy, Cathie Lesjak, corporate governance, EDS, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Meg
Whitman, write downs Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December
31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses
for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle
Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social
Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT
Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27,
2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version