WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl HP’s Fix-and-Rebuild Process Is Progressing
but Not Complete, CEO Whitman Says June 11, 2013 at 6:32 am PT Tweet Share
Print What a difference a year makes. Last June, the technology giant Hewlett-
Packard convened its annual HP Discover event in Las Vegas with a new CEO, Meg
Whitman, who had been on the job only eight months. Reasonable people were
wondering out loud whether one of America’s great technology companies could
survive the combination of an intensely competitive marketplace for both
consumer-oriented and enterprise-oriented technology products. In a way, the
challenges only got worse. HP leads the world in three declining markets —
personal computers, printing and enterprise servers — and is rushing to build
new businesses to replace sales lost from those declines. And while the
challenges facing HP are getting bigger, Whitman seems more confident and
cool-headed than a year ago. Whitman has said that 2013 is to be the “fix and
rebuild” year, during which the broken bits of HP — there were and still are
many — would be remade in such a way that they can begin to deliver growth in
2014. Investors seem to like what they see. HP shares are up by more than 14
percent versus a year ago. HP shares closed Monday at $24.49. But that doesn’t
reflect how bad the optics on HP got at their worst. As recently as late
November, HP shares traded as low as $11.71, making the recent 109 percent
improvement look all the more muscular. Time will tell if it can stick, and
HP’s next quarterly earnings report, on August 13, will be seen as a crucial
indicator that the turnaround strategy Whitman has instituted is truly taking
hold. I sat down with Whitman yesterday in a meeting room at the Venetian
Hotel in Las Vegas, shortly after she had completed a run-through of the
keynote address she’ll be delivering later today. My first question was about
the state of the “fix and rebuild” process. AllThingsD: Meg, it’s now roughly
halfway through a year that you’ve described for HP as the “fix and rebuild”
year. What’s fixed and rebuilt? What remains to be fixed and rebuilt? Whitman:
I think what is fixed, or well on is way to being fixed, is the balance sheet
and the cash flow generation potential of this company. In large part, the
ability to do better than we said we would do explains a lot of the run in the
stock price. And so the balance sheet is repaired, which is a big deal in a
turnaround. I would say our core mission and the ability to execute against
that mission is well in hand. I think our go-to-market motion is not as smooth
as I would like it to be. We are commercializing innovation much faster than
we did. One big change for the positive is that we’re promoting people from
within. When I came in, 65 percent of our directors and above were outside
hires. Now it’s the reverse. And the benefit of promoting from within is
enormous, because people don’t have to learn the business. They already know
how HP does things. And then, of course, there’s the big financial metric. We
have to grow revenues. We’ve got to get to net positive growth for the company
overall. And that I think is the great metaphysical challenge for HP. And yet
you have to grow at a moment when HP leads the world in a series of declining
businesses: PCs, printing and servers. Let’s tackle the PC business first: How
do you grow revenue in a marketplace that’s seeing such historic declines?
Within that personal systems group, of which PCs are the biggest share of
revenue, a large part of our ability to grow revenue is affected by how fast
the marketplace declines. I think that eventually the decline will begin to
slow down. There are 140 million devices out there that are more than four
years old. There’s still a lot of machines running Windows XP that are due for
an upgrade. So I think the decline will slow down, but we’re moving as fast as
we can to tablets, hybrids, multi-OS, multi-architecture, multi-form-factor.
And how long that transition will take depends a lot on how precipitous the
decline in PCs continues to be. Are the profit margins better on these tablets
and hybrids than they are on traditional PCs? The margins aren’t as good, but
they have a better attach rate. So, for example, when someone buys a tablet,
they usually also buy a keyboard, or Beats Audio headphones, and the services
around security, warranties. The attach rate for those is actually higher than
it is for traditional PCs, but on the core hardware platform, the gross margin
dollars are a bit less, but the percentage is less, as well. Meanwhile, your
competitors — and in this case, I’m thinking about Dell — are getting really
aggressive in every market segment. How are you going respond to that? We have
to be really smart. We have to segment the market and decide where we want to
play and where we want to win, and let the others go if there’s crazy pricing.
And so we have to be very smart about market segment, customer segment and
country. We have to make bets, because we can’t follow Dell all the way down,
because it’s bad for HP. We have to decide where we need to protect and where
we need to attack. And we obviously have to work on our cost structure, as we
do every day in this industry. How’s the search for the new chairman going?
It’s been very interesting. We’ve had a lot of interest from very well known
executives. I think they sense that the era of uncertainty at HP is over.
Perhaps the worst is over, so they’re happy to entertain joining the board.
We’re going to announce a number of new directors over the fairly short term.
In the end, we’ll be looking for four or five board members over the next 12
months, and we’ll probably announce two, or maybe a few, sooner than that. And
we’re also looking for the next chairman. Back to the point about the
company’s debt. When you reach your goal of having a net debt position of
zero, what happens then? Will you start considering acquisitions again? So
then we’re in the happy position of having to talk about a capital allocation
strategy for HP. We’ll consider increasing the dividend and buying back more
shares. But we’ll also consider getting back in the acquisition business. Big
technology companies, we do need to make strategic acquisitions that help in
one particular area of our business. And so I think there would be small to
medium tuck-in acquisitions that we might do. Not transformational
acquisitions, because we’re in the businesses that we’re in, but which further
the businesses that we’re already in. Obviously, we’re not talking about
acquisitions this year, but given its history, especially Autonomy, having
seen how deals like that can go wrong, what will guide you as you consider
making your next acquisitions, whenever that happens? I think it’s the same
guidance that every big company should follow. It’s a question of what you’re
trying to accomplish strategically, and what you’re willing to pay. Given what
happened with Autonomy, the next acquisition that we do, even if it’s teeny,
will be the most scrutinized acquisition, so we have to be thoughtful about
it. What will you be talking about in your keynote? I’m going to talk about
our progress over the last 12 months since Discover last year, and talk about
how our objective is to provide solutions for the new style of IT. But,
perhaps more importantly, to be the best possible partner to those CIOs who
are under immense pressure. What are you hearing from customers right now? I’m
guessing they had a litany of concerns last year. Are they more positive than
negative? I’d say I’m hearing more positive than negative. I would say that
the list of thing they’re concerned about is shorter now than it was last
year. When I first came in, they had many concerns and challenges with HP, and
they’ve seen us set them up and knock them down repeatedly. We still have work
to do. I think we’ve made huge progress in being that customer-centric company
that is a huge part of HP’s DNA. I still hear about challenges, but by and
large what I hear is measurably better than 18 months or a year ago. Tagged
with: Autonomy, corporate governance, Dell, enterprise hardware, enterprise
software, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Las Vegas, M&A;, Meg Whitman, mergers and
acquisitions, PCs, personal computers, servers Apple Denies Working with NSA
on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version