Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How Vertical Video Is
Transforming Social Advertising Reading Time: 5 Minutes As recently as five
years ago, vertical video was the enemy of the internet. A “Say No to Vertical
Videos” campaign was launched in June 2012, producing a meme, 8 million video
views, and dozens of news articles that all seemed to agree on one thing:
Vertical video was the worst. “Not only are the thick black pillarbox bars on
either side of the video extremely annoying, but the human eyes are designed
to see the world in widescreen. That’s why they sit side-by-side, and not on
top of each other,” wrote Gizmodo. Fast-forward two years and CNET put out an
article in defense of vertical video. Sort of. Titled “They’re stupid, but
it’s not your fault,” the piece wasn’t so much in favor of vertical videos as
sympathetic to users who insisted on capturing them. Still, the format was
gaining ground. Three years later, and we can’t imagine a world without
vertical video. It continues to grow year-over-year, with advertisers
embracing the video style that all of their customers are already using.
Adoption has become vital for the advertising industry, as less than 30% of
people will turn their phone to view a horizontal video ad. Even when they do,
they’re only watching 14% of the ad. The Rise of Vertical Video Digital ad
spend is growing, surpassing TV for the first time in 2016. That growth, which
is expected to soar from $83 billion this year to $129 billion in 2021, is
primarily driven by mobile. Although mobile and digital are both growing, 35%
of annual ad budgets are still spent on TV. This is partly because advertisers
haven’t found a format that will allow them to reach digital natives and cord-
cutters with the same immersive video experience that TV offers – until
vertical video. Total US Ad Spend: Digital vs. TV One of the reasons
advertisers are so drawn to vertical video is that it offers 100% share of
voice, similar to the experience of watching a commercial on TV. Ads get the
full-screen real estate with vertical video, which brands see as a commodity
in a world driven by never-ending feeds of content. This format, more than any
other type of video, allows you to immerse the consumer in your brand
experience on mobile – reaching users where they are, in a way that feels
native. More and more we’re seeing TV budgets shift to vertical video, where
advertisers can retarget audiences and lookalikes, narrow in with interests
and demographic targeting, and reach their target consumer at exactly the
right time with personalized, relevant content. Barriers to Entry Although
vertical video has many benefits, it’s not without its challenges. This is a
new ad format for many marketers, and with that comes a learning curve that
most brands are still figuring out. One of the biggest barriers to entry for
vertical video advertising is a lack of readily available creative in the
right specs. For years, advertisers have been repurposing pre-roll and TV
creative for social platforms, running video ads that are fine for desktop but
not for the 80% of social media use that happens on mobile devices. As it
becomes clear that vertical video is the way of the present and future, brands
are beginning to think of creative from a mobile-first point of view. This
will only continue to grow as platform-optimized vertical video continues to
outperform its repurposed counterparts. Even if creative is shot originally
for TV or another horizontal format, it can still be transformed to perform
well as vertical video, by leveraging graphics and making new use of the
screen real estate. Although less of an investment, this is still a barrier of
entry for some brands, who may not have access to editing resources in order
to optimize social creative. Many brands will partner with a company like
Adaptly to transform their creative for social platforms, quickly scaling for
mobile-first formats without in-house resources. The last challenge for
marketers looking to take advantage of vertical video is a lack of benchmarks
and best practices. This is a new format, and while it’s been shown to be 3x
more effective than horizontal video, there are not many standards for success
yet in place. There’s much testing to be done, but the brands that start
testing now will be ahead of the curve, investing in more effective campaigns
from day one. An Immersive Experience In April we worked with an Adaptly
advertiser to transform their TV creative into mobile-friendly vertical video.
The goal was to generate cost-efficient video views to build brand awareness,
especially through the video’s audio. For this brand, sound-on video views
were key. Vertical video drove improved performance across the board, with 11x
more sound-on video views for vertical creative compared to horizontal. Cost
per completed view was also significantly lower for vertical video, showing
that the mobile-optimized format was keeping users engaged and they were
sticking around for the full video. Because the video took up the user’s
entire screen, there was more incentive for them to open the ad and get the
full audio-visual experience. With horizontal videos, a mobile user can still
see the breaking news story above and the viral cat video below your ad.
Utilizing vertical video allows them to be fully immersed, with 100% of their
attention focused on your brand – even for a few seconds. When it comes to
paid social, a few seconds of complete attention is more than enough time to
make your brand stick. Research from Nielsen found that 38% of brand recall,
23% of brand awareness, and 25% of purchase intent is driven by video
impressions shorter than 2 seconds. What’s Next for Vertical Video Smartphone
users hold their phones vertically 94% of the time, and vertical views count
for over 29% of total consumer view time (up from 5% in 2010). These are facts
that marketers and advertisers can’t afford to ignore, and the industry is
shifting more toward vertical video every day. Entertainment brands currently
lead the pack in vertical video adoption, accounting for nearly 40% of all
vertical video ads online. Other industries have a lot of room to grow, with
apparel and retail following at just 9% and 7% respectively. Share of Vertical
Video Ads by Industry In the months to come we’ll see even more brands and
industries push into the vertical video market, and in the next few years it
will become the dominant format for video advertising. Square videos have been
the middle ground for more than a year, but with almost every platform now
allowing – and even encouraging – vertical video, it’s just a matter of time
before the improved mobile experience makes us all forget the “Say No to
Vertical Video” PSAs. Let Adaptly transform your creative and optimize for
mobile-first platforms. Contact us now and ask about Creative Lab >> A version
of this article first appeared on MediaPost. Sarah Maloy Director of Marketing
Sarah Maloy is a former journalist specializing in branding, social media, and
content marketing. Before joining Adaptly, she managed social and digital
marketing strategies for brands like Fuse, Shutterstock, and Billboard. Follow
her on Twitter at @smaloy. Office New York Share Categories Blog Back To Blog
> Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable
Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No
spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries
contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com
New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy
Contact