Mossberg’s Mailbox The Practical Case Against File Sharing Published on
October 20, 2005 by Walt Mossberg There’s no other major item most of us own
that is as confusing, unpredictable and unreliable as our personal computers.
Everybody has questions about them, and we aim to help. Here are a few
questions about computers I’ve received recently from people like you, and my
answers. I have edited and restated the questions a bit, for readability. This
week my mailbox contained questions about getting viruses from file-swapping
services, other options beyond dial-up Internet access, and buying a Mac
desktop computer. If you have a question, send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com,
and I may select it to be answered here in Mossberg’s Mailbox. Are there
problems with using file-swapping sites like Kazaa, as long as you have a good
antivirus protection program? I don’t mind paying for individual songs, but
other sites like iTunes or Rhapsody often don’t have the songs I want. Yes,
there are problems. The first are the ethical and legal issues arising from
obtaining somebody else’s copyrighted intellectual property without paying for
it, from a person who isn’t licensed or authorized to distribute it. The other
sites you mention, iTunes and Rhapsody, are legally licensed to distribute
music. Kazaa and its ilk aren’t, nor are the people who make music available
through them. Your argument is like rationalizing buying stolen TVs because
your local Best Buy didn’t have the model you wanted. If your conscience can
get past that, there are practical issues. These sites are major transmitters
not only of viruses, but of spyware, which your antivirus program can’t stop.
Even if your PC has a full, up-to-date security suite, with antispyware
software, you are asking for trouble by downloading from “file swapping”
sites. Many of the people I hear from who have had to take drastic, costly
steps to save heavily infected PCs attribute their problems to the fact that
their kids were frequenting file-sharing sites. I currently have dial-up
access to the Internet, which is slow. I pay a total of $35-$40 a month for
the Internet service itself, plus a dedicated phone line. I see ads that claim
I can give up this dial-up service and the extra phone line and somehow get
higher-speed Internet access for less. Is this true? I do not have a cellphone
or wireless service into my house, though I do have cable TV. You can
definitely save a lot of money on your Internet service, and drastically
increase speed at the same time. And you don’t need cellphone or wireless
service at all. They are irrelevant. Your choices are DSL from your phone
company, or cable-modem service from your cable TV provider. Either will give
you a high-speed broadband connection that is much, much faster than your
current dial-up service — without tying up your phone line. You can go down to
a single phone line for making voice calls. DSL tends to be a lot cheaper, so
I recommend DSL if you want to save money. And, while the low-priced DSL
service is a lot slower than a cable modem, it is much cheaper and still is
roughly 15 times as fast as your current connection. Verizon offers a low-end
DSL service for $14.95 a month, with the first month free. It’s much faster
than what you have now, and you wouldn’t need the second phone line. Other
companies may have similar offers. But you should go to your phone company’s
DSL Web site first to see if your house qualifies for DSL. Not all homes do;
it depends on how far you live from the nearest phone company facility. I am a
Windows user who wants to switch to Mac, and I have found two options suitable
for me. The first option is to buy the $1,299 iMac G5. And the second option
is to buy the Mac mini with the 1.42 GHz processor, 1 GB of memory and a 100
GB hard drive. It all depends on what you do on your computer and on what your
plans are. The mini, configured as you specify, will cost you $500 less than
the iMac. But it is less powerful and less full-featured than the iMac. And it
lacks a monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers, all of which come with the
iMac. If you have all of these on your Windows PC, and like them, and don’t
plan to keep the Windows PC, you can switch them over to the mini. But you’ll
still have to buy a peripheral called a USB hub, because the mini has too few
ports. If you want to preserve your Windows machine, you’ll have to buy new
peripherals, or a gadget called a KVM that allows the mini and your Windows
machine to share the peripherals. The iMac G5, in my view, is the best
consumer desktop on the market, and the $1,299 model has just been upgraded,
without a price increase. So, if your computing needs are modest, your budget
is limited and you’re ready and willing to switch over your Windows
peripherals, the mini would be a better bargain. But the iMac is the better
computer. * * * Because of the volume of e-mail I receive, I can’t routinely
answer individual questions by e-mail, or consult on individual problems or
purchasing decisions. I read all questions I receive and select three each
week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S. Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com
Return to: The Practical Case Against File Sharing URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20051020/case-against-file-sharing/ Brought to you by
The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.