WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Is the Victorian Mourning Garb
Really Necessary, Steve? Hong Kong's Pretty Warm This Time of Year … September
26, 2008 at 7:54 am PT Tweet Share Print Steve Jobs and I hope the iPhone will
enter China as soon as possible. We are discussing this issue but we do not
have an agreement.” — China Mobile CEO Wang Jianzhou It’s been nearly a year
and China Mobile is still in talks with Apple about bringing the iPhone to
China, though the revenue-sharing issue that had stalled the two companies was
resolved back in July. Now we know why the talks keep dragging on: hardware
localization. The South China Morning Post reports that China Mobile has asked
Apple (AAPL) for an iPhone with Wi-Fi and 3G technology disabled. Seems China
Mobile is building a 3G network of its own using the Chinese developed TD-
SCDMA standard and believes that crippling Chinese iPhones will discourage
customers from unlocking the device and using it on rival China Telecom’s
W-CDMA network. Though, really, China Mobile should know better. China has a
thriving gray market for iPhones. In fact, Market research firm In-Stat
reported earlier this year that there were some 400,000 cracked iPhones on
China Mobile’s network at the end of 2007–10 percent of all iPhones sold by
Apple at the time. So, will Apple agree to the carrier’s demands and customize
a piece of standardized hardware for a single region? And beyond that, could
CEO Steve Jobs even bring himself to compromise the iPhone “experience”? With
600 million cellphone users in China, 415 million of them China Mobile
subscribers, he just might. Tagged with: Apple, China Mobile, China telecom,
iPhone, John Paczkowski, South China Morning Post, Steve Jobs, TD-SCDMA,
W-CDMA Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December
30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013
Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry
Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO
Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version