Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Why Viewability Standards for
Social Advertising Need to Evolve in 2018 Reading Time: 2 Minutes The concept
of ‘viewability’ in digital advertising was a much-discussed item in 2017.
Viewability refers to how much of an ad is on-screen and visible to a user and
for how many seconds. The current definition for viewability set by the Media
Rating Council (MRC) states that an ad has to be 50% in view for 2 continuous
seconds to be considered “viewable”. However, that MRC definition was
developed in 2009 — long before the mobile feed as we know it today even
existed. Given the advances that have occurred in digital and social mediums
since 2009, the MRC’s standard is completely inappropriate for today’s
immersive mobile experience. In 2017 we began to question whether viewability
was a suitable metric for social advertising, and in 2018 viewability
standards will finally evolve to become appropriate for mobile and social
mediums. We have ample data that indicates that marketing impact happens in
less than two seconds. Nielsen research shows that 38% of brand recall and 25%
of purchase intent is driven by video impressions shorter than two seconds. On
Facebook, users spend an average of 1.7 seconds with any given piece of mobile
content. If consumers are only spending 1.7 seconds with content that they’re
actually seeking out, why should we expect them to spend more time with an ad?
The threshold for absorption for advertising certainly should not exceed the
amount of time people spend on organic content, and one could make the
argument that it should be a shorter duration. That duration metric is
something we will see updated in 2018. The second issue with the MRC standard
is the concept of an ad being 50% in view. Being “above the fold” may make
sense for display advertising, but there is no “fold” when it comes to mobile
newsfeed and social advertising. Today’s immersive mobile formats, whether
feed-based or swipe-based, are automatically either full-screen or completely
in-view before the video ad plays. Given this user experience, “percentage in
view” is just another irrelevant data point for social advertising. To
accurately measure viewability on social, these immersive mobile ad formats
found on platforms like Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat need their own
viewability standard that is completely separate from display. Until there is
a distinct metric for immersive mobile ad formats, viewability will continue
to be a confusing and irrelevant metric for social advertising. Sean O’Neal
President Sean lives at the intersection of marketing and business
development. He is obsessed with fast-growing technology companies and
addicted to the thrill of start-ups. His reading list spans history, business
strategy, eastern philosophy, and comic books, and he spends most of his
weekends mixing jazz records with red wine. Office San Francisco Share
Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's
Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest
advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be
Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417
Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New
York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago
747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street
Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact