WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Yammer Grabs $10 Million More in Funding February
2, 2010 at 9:24 pm PT Tweet Share Print Yammer, the enterprise equivalent of
Twitter, said it had grabbed another $10 million in financing. But the
question for the San Francisco-based microblogging service for businesses and
closed groups is: “What are you working on?” Yammer has both free and a
paid–the gold level is $5 per user, per month–versions and is essentially a
useful productivity tool. Emergence Capital took the lead in the Series B
round for Yammer, along with ubiquitous Silicon Valley investor Ron Conway and
previous investors. Yammer previously raised $5 million from Charles River
Ventures and The Founders Fund. Here’s the release: Yammer Secures $10 Million
in Series B Funding from Emergence Capital and Previous Investors Investment
To Fuel Product Innovation and Sales Coverage SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., February
3, 2010–Yammer, Inc., the leader in Enterprise Microblogging and Real-time
Communications, today announced that it has received $10 million in its Series
B round of funding. Emergence Capital leads the round; with general partner
Jason Green joining Yammer’s Board of Directors. SV Angel, led by seasoned
Silicon Valley investor, Ron Conway, is also participating as are previous
investors, including Charles River Ventures and Goldcrest Investments from
Dallas. Yammer launched its solution in September 2008 and has experienced
rapid user adoption with over 60,000 organizations globally having adopted the
solution. Drawing on this momentum, Yammer will use the proceeds to accelerate
product innovation and increase sales coverage. “Yammer is revolutionizing the
way employees communicate and collaborate, filling a need that email has
failed to deliver,” said Jason Green, general partner at Emergence Capital.
“Yammer has a passionate and proven executive team, a compelling freemium
business model, a loyal customer base and a huge market opportunity. We are
thrilled to be joining them in the next phase of their rapid growth.”
Companies and organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries
benefit from Yammer. They use Yammer for a multitude of reasons, including
improving workforce productivity, connecting a geographically dispersed team,
getting new employees up to speed, and increasing the flow of content and
knowledge. “Yammer is focused on improving the way employees communicate and
stay connected to critical information about their company and job,” said
David Sacks, founder and CEO at Yammer. “We’re pleased with the rapid growth
and market adoption we’ve achieved and are poised to accelerate it with
exciting enhancements to our product and with broadened sales coverage. We’re
eager to work with Emergence Capital and leverage their expertise in building
world-class Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) companies and are gratified that
proven technology investors such as SV Angel and Charles River Ventures are
also participating in the funding.” Tagged with: BoomTown, business model,
businesses, Charles River Ventures, closed groups, Dallas, David Sacks,
digital, Emergence Capital, enterprise microblogging, financial, financing,
Founders Fund, free, freemium, Goldcrest Investments, innovation, Internet,
investor, Jason Green, Kara Swisher, microblogging, paid, productivity tool,
real-time communications, Ron Conway, round, SAAS, sales, San Francisco,
Series B, service, Silicon Valley, Smallbiz Feature, software as a service,
Twitter, work force, Yammer You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013
at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off
in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We
Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30,
2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With
That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version