WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > E-Readers Nook E-Reader Has Potential, but Needs Work
December 9, 2009 at 6:03 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » Amazon’s
Kindle has been the king of the nascent, much-hyped, category of wireless
e-readers since it came out in 2007. Now, numerous companies are determined to
challenge the Kindle with dedicated, mass-market gadgets for reading digital
books and periodicals. The latest, and potentially most important, of these is
a contender called the Nook, produced by the giant bookstore chain Barnes &
Noble Inc. (BKS), which started shipping it this week. The two devices look
very similar, but have key differences in capabilities, user interface and
polish. Overall, after testing the Nook for about a week, I don’t think it’s
as good as the Kindle, at least not yet. At launch, the Nook has the feel of a
product with great potential that was rushed to market before it was fully
ready. Like the latest standard-size Kindle, which came out earlier this year,
the Nook is a roughly 8-inch by 5-inch, ivory-colored plastic tablet that
costs $259 and connects wirelessly to an online store. The two devices have
essentially identical reading screens, 6 inches when measured diagonally, that
allow for only monochrome text and gray-scale graphics, not color. Both come
with two gigabytes of internal memory, enough to hold about 1,500 digital
books. Nook’s most obvious difference from Kindle is that it also boasts a
second, smaller color screen beneath the main reading screen. This touch
screen is used for navigating and for typing via an on-screen keyboard when
performing searches or adding notes to books. Also, when the touch screen is
dark, it can be swiped to turn pages instead of using the physical page-
turning buttons at the sides of the main screen. The competing Kindle
(formerly called the Kindle 2, but now back to just Kindle) uses a joystick,
Menu and Home buttons, and pop-up menus on the main screen for navigating. It
has a physical keyboard below the screen for typing and can turn pages only
using physical buttons. A customer tries a Nook e-reader at a Barnes Noble
store in Manhattan on Monday. Also, unlike the Kindle, the Nook lets you lend
certain digital books to others for a limited period, an innovation that
removes one of the most common complaints about buying books electronically
instead of on paper. Another big difference: Nook claims a catalog of just
over one million digital books, versus 389,000 for the Kindle. But this is
somewhat misleading, because over half of the Nook catalog is made up of free
out-of-copyright titles published before 1923, the vast majority of which are
likely to be of little interest to average readers. Barnes & Noble refuses to
say how many modern commercial titles it offers, or even whether it has more
or fewer of these than Amazon (AMZN). Amazon says it already has nearly 20,000
of the most popular such older books available and plans to add hundreds of
thousands more in the coming months, to bring its total selection to more than
one million. Amazon also offers well over 100 newspapers and magazines and
7,500 blogs. Barnes & Noble says it will have about 45 periodicals in the
coming weeks, but no blogs. The Nook has a small color screen for navigating
and typing notes. Both devices offer downloads of most best-sellers, but in a
random, unscientific test I performed using print books from around my house,
I found Amazon’s commercial e-book catalog superior. Barnes & Noble lacked
digital versions of two recent historical biographies I own, and had no
digital editions of the works of one of my favorite contemporary mystery
writers, Donna Leon. Amazon had all these books in Kindle editions. Barnes &
Noble says titles like these are being added. During my tests, I found the
Nook slower, more cumbersome to use and less polished than the Kindle. I ran
into various crashes and bugs. And, while the Kindle’s navigation system isn’t
exactly world class, it ran circles around the Nook’s, despite the great
possibilities offered by the latter’s use of the touch screen. The Nook may be
wonderful one day, but, as of today, it’s no match for the Kindle, despite
advantages such as lending, because it’s more annoying to use. For instance,
the Nook constantly delayed taking me to books while the main screen displayed
a message that said “formatting.” Its standard practice is to open books you
select not at the actual start of the book, but at a description of the book.
Turning pages inside books was slower than on the Kindle. Looking up a word in
the built-in dictionary, a quick process on the Kindle, was far harder on the
Nook. Even swiping the touch screen to turn pages would suddenly stop working
for periods of time. The good news for those who have ordered a Nook, which is
currently sold out, is that its software can be updated, and Barnes & Noble is
promising to fix the problems, starting with a wirelessly delivered patch next
week that it says will improve the speed a bit, get you closer to the start of
the book, and repair some of the bugs. Two things are worth noting here.
First, I also criticized the design of the original Kindle and the original
Sony (SNE) e-reader, both of which have improved in subsequent iterations.
(Sony, which was in this market early, is promising to release its first
wireless e-reader later this month.) Second, the entire e-reader market is
still in its infancy. The lack of color in books and periodicals alone is a
huge drawback. One day, I suspect both of these products will look like a 1996
Palm (PALM) PDA does compared with an Apple (AAPL) iPhone. The Nook is a bit
shorter and narrower than the Kindle, but it is an ounce heavier and
significantly thicker. It has a cleaner look, because the bezel around the
screen is narrower and there is no physical keyboard. The touch screen adds a
dash of color, though it often goes dark to save battery life. Like the
Kindle, the Nook has built-in cellular connectivity with no monthly charges.
But it also adds Wi-Fi, which is free at Barnes & Noble stores, though mostly
unusable at other commercial hotspots, because the Nook lacks a Web browser
that would allow you to log in. The Kindle has a crude Web browser, but no Wi-
Fi. Speaking of battery life, the Nook’s is worse than the Kindle’s. It claims
about 10 days of typical use with wireless off, and just two days with
wireless on. In my week of tests, with wireless on constantly, I had to charge
it three times. Amazon rates the Kindle at 14 days of typical use with
wireless off and seven days with wireless on, which squares with my own Kindle
experience. The Nook beats the Kindle in a few areas. Lending is a key one,
though only about half of the commercial titles are eligible for lending, you
can lend each one only once to a given person, and loans expire after two
weeks. In my tests, lending worked OK after a couple of false starts. Another
is that Barnes & Noble takes advantage of its stores. In addition to getting
free Wi-Fi, Nook owners who enter a Barnes & Noble store can read books on
their Nooks for free, and get help from staff members. Unlike the Kindle, the
Nook also has a slot for expandable memory cards and a replaceable battery.
Barnes & Noble also has companion PC, Mac, iPhone and BlackBerry software for
reading e-books, even if you don’t own a Nook. Amazon has such software, so
far, only for the iPhone and PC. But, while Amazon will synchronize your last
page read if you switch from reading a book on one device to using another,
Barnes & Noble lacks that capability yet, though it says it will have it soon.
One more thing: The latest standard-size Kindle allows wireless book
purchasing in multiple countries. The Nook does so only in the U.S. My
recommendation on the Nook is to wait, even if you prefer its features to the
Kindle’s. It’s not fully baked yet. Find all of Walt Mossberg’s columns and
videos online, free, at the All Things Digital Web site, walt.allthingsd.com.
Email him at mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with Amazon, Apple, Barnes & Noble,
battery life, best-sellers, bezel, biographies, BlackBerry, blogs, book,
books, browser, bugs, buttons, catalog, cellular, color touch screen,
computer, connectivity, copyright, dictionary, digital, Donna Leon, downloads,
e-reader, E-Reader Feature, expandable, formatting, gift guide, graphics, gray
scale, hardware, Home buttons, hotspots, innovation, Internet, iPhone,
joystick, keyboard, Kindle, Kindle 2, Mac, Macintosh, magazines, Manhattan,
memory card, menu, monochrome text, navigating, navigation, Nook, notes,
online store, Pages, Palm, PC, PDA, periodicals, physical, pop-up menus,
recommendation, replaceable battery, screen, software, Sony, tablet, titles,
U.S., user interface, video, Wi-Fi, wireless Top Products in Two Decades of
Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your
Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December
10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm
PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the
Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg
and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version