WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Facebook’s Nonexistent Video Ads Could Be a $1 Billion
Business Next Year August 8, 2013 at 8:25 am PT Tweet Share Print Facebook’s
video ads don’t exist yet, but Morgan Stanley is already a buyer: Its analysts
think the ads will be an instant hit, and could end up generating $1 billion
for the company next year, commanding one percent of the U.S. TV ad budget.
And things will start getting really big by 2019, the bank predicts, when the
ads will generate $5.5 billion a year. Once again: Facebook’s videos ads,
which were supposed to be out this summer and should likely appear this fall,
have yet to appear. So Morgan Stanley is primarily basing its guesstimates on
reports from Bloomberg and Ad Age, not by talking to advertisers about the
ads’ performance. Which means that these projections are even more speculative
than most projections are. Still, analysts Scott Devitt, Jordan Monahan and
John Egbert, who figure video ads could boost Facebook’s ad revenue by 12
percent next year, like the premise of the pitch: Advertisers spend a ton of
money on TV, and they want to buy similar ads on the Web. And the Web and
Facebook are particularly attractive because they have lots of young eyeballs
that are harder to find on TV these days: “These users remain the most
desirable, yet most difficult, audiences for brand advertisers to reach at
scale. Facebook’s guaranteed reach into the under-30 demographic may prove
especially appealing to brand advertisers, and also justify premium pricing.”
Of course, that logic also means that advertisers are going to pour a ton of
money into the giant site that already has lots of video ads. Morgan Stanley
thinks Google’s YouTube will generate $5.7 billion in video ads next year, and
$16.9 billion by 2019. Tagged with: advertisi, Facebook, Google, Morgan
Stanley, research, TV, video, video ads, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version