WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Exclusive: MSN Inks New Deal With Wonderwall
Creator BermanBraun for Online Lifestyle Site December 8, 2009 at 3:00 am PT
Tweet Share Print MSN will announce a new deal with BermanBraun–the Hollywood
production company run by former Yahoo media chief and well-known television
exec Lloyd Braun (pictured here) and his business partner Gail Berman–to
create, design and run an online lifestyle site aimed at fashion, decor,
relationships and beauty. The new site, still unnamed, will launch in the
first half of next year. As part of the deal with MSN, magazine giant Hachette
Filipacchi Media U.S.–publisher of Elle, Woman’s Day and Elle Decor–will
provide content and editorial expertise. BermanBraun Interactive and the
Microsoft (MSFT) portal already jointly operate the Wonderwall celebrity news
site, which was launched earlier this year. Wonderwall, which is largely run
by BermanBraun, has become one of MSN’s more vibrant and successful
properties. Launched last February, the site now reaches 9.5 million monthly
unique users on average, racks up more than 225 million page views a month in
the U.S., and holds the top rank in engagement–measured by page views and
minutes per visit–among celeb sites. Using an unusual horizontal design with a
scrolling “wall,” a plethora of pictures and a deeply visual sensibility, it
aggregates content from a variety of partners, but also use a small staff of
editors to differentiate it and give it “voice.” After seeing Wonderwall for
the first time, I wrote that “I was struck by the site’s arresting visual
design, particularly the easily interactive wall, which has what I can only
call an ‘iPhone’ feel combined with a flipping-through-a-magazine tone.” But,
in an interview yesterday, Braun said the new site will be totally different
in its design and sensibility. “We could not be more thrilled about how
Wonderwall has gone,” he said. “[But] the design of this [new] site will be
very ambitious and there is no similarity….It will be a different type of
experience.” MSN U.S. head Scott Moore said that Microsoft is eager to take
“the [BermanBraun] partnership a step further.” Noting that MSN had been more
successful with outside partners creating content, Moore said that the portal
has the kind of traffic to allow that original material to thrive. “This model
has worked well for Microsoft over the years,” he said, further noting that
“diversity” was a key element in spurring innovation in MSN’s programming.
Said Todd Anderman, SVP for Digital Media at HFM, which already has Web sites
for its well-known magazines: “When we look at the market, we see an
opportunity to create a new brand.” While MSN is selling the ads, as with
Wonderwall, BermanBraun and HFM will also be part of the effort. Moore would
not discuss financial considerations of the deal, which was first cooked up
six months ago, only noting that “everyone has skin in the game.” But Braun
said he was certain of success if the group sticks to making online content
special. The site will use content that is original, from HFM and also from
other partners. “If we frame content in a certain way, people are going to
click and be engaged,” he said. “It’s a terrific creative challenge.” What’s
perhaps most interesting here is the hard push for a unique editorial product,
in contrast to the more aggregated approach of Yahoo (YHOO) and the new thrust
by AOL–which will spin off from Time Warner (TWX) next week–aimed at creating
content guided by search queries and consumer intent. In any case, there are
lots of roads in the competitive online content space. Here’s an video
interview I did with Braun right before Wonderwall was launched, as well as
the press release for the new venture below it: MSN, BermanBraun, and Hachette
Filipacchi Media U.S. Partner to Launch New Online Lifestyle Experience
REDMOND, Wash., LOS ANGELES and NEW YORK–Dec. 8, 2009–MSN, BermanBraun
Interactive and Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. (HFM U.S.), publisher of ELLE,
Woman’s Day and ELLE DECOR brands, have partnered to launch a new online
lifestyle experience focused on style, beauty, relationships and home décor.
The new site, which will launch in the first half of next year, will present a
wide range of accessible content in an aspirational and innovative visual
package. The design, programming and operations of the new digital brand will
be spearheaded by BermanBraun and HFM U.S. MSN will lead the advertising sales
efforts along with HFM U.S. on selected accounts. BermanBraun and MSN, earlier
this year, created and launched Wonderwall.com, which has become one of the
top celebrity online news destinations reaching an average of 9.5 million
unique users and 225 million page views a month in the U.S. since launch.
Wonderwall.com has proved to be popular with advertisers and has achieved
substantial success, compelling MSN and BermanBraun to extend their
relationship and bring in HFM U.S., which has deep experience in establishing
women’s brands on multiple platforms. The new lifestyle site, similar to
Wonderwall.com, will be distributed through MSN and promoted on HFM U.S. Web
sites and magazine properties. MSN will lead the advertising sales effort
along with HFM U.S. The lifestyle online category currently reaches an average
of 100 million people every month, which is more than half of the online
audience in the U.S. MSN Lifestyle is highly successful, averaging 7.3 million
monthly unique users and 86 million monthly page views over the past 10
months. The new site will be designed to appeal to the highly valuable adult
female audience, ages 25–49, building upon the existing MSN audience. This
category of users is increasingly spending more time online and looking to the
Internet for information on a range of topics. Adult females online are
valuable to advertisers, as they tend to be affluent, educated and married
with children, and drive many purchasing decisions for their families.
“Lifestyle is one of our top priorities because of its growing popularity and
strong appeal to the adult female audience and advertisers that wish to reach
them. We see a great opportunity to expand on our current lifestyle offering
by delivering a new experience that is unique to the broader lifestyle
category,” said Scott Moore, U.S. executive producer, MSN. “We’re excited to
build on our proven model with BermanBraun, adding the category branding
expertise and panache of HFM U.S. to deliver a compelling new lifestyle
experience on MSN.” “HFM U.S.’s vision is to build strong leading brands,”
said Alain Lemarchand, president and CEO, Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. “We
believe that the strengths within our relationship are complementary, and
together we can create an online destination that will be a unique and
compelling experience for women.” “We are thrilled to be in business with a
world-class partner such as Hachette,” said principals Gail Berman and Lloyd
Braun. “We look forward to building on our relationship with MSN and creating
an innovative and unique lifestyle experience.” Tagged with: AOL, beauty,
BermanBraun, BermanBraun Interactive, BoomTown, brand, California, celebrity,
content, deal, decor, design, digital, editorial, Elle, Elle Decor,
entertainment, fashion, Gail Berman, Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S., HFM,
Hollywood, innovation, Internet, interview, iPhone, Kara Swisher, launch,
lifestyle, Lloyd Braun, Los Angeles, magazine, Microsoft, MSN, New York,
original, partner, portal, press release, production, relationship, Scott
Moore, television, Time Warner, Todd Anderman, video, visual, wall, Women’s
Day, Wonderwall, Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at
2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in
3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t
Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013
at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version