WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka With an Eye on the iPad, Condé Nast Declares Its $39,000
iPhone Magazine a “Success” January 21, 2010 at 12:37 pm PT Tweet Share Print
Some early numbers from Condé Nast’s first attempt to create a digital version
of one of its magazines: The publisher says it sold 6,614 copies of the
December issue of GQ via iTunes, and some 12,000 copies of the January issue.
At $2.99 a pop, and after subtracting Apple’s 30 percent fee, that’s about
$39,000 in revenue for the publisher, which isn’t even enough to rehire anyone
the company let go during last fall’s layoffs. And those sales numbers are
puny compared with the title’s analog reach: GQ reports average newsstand
sales of more than 200,000 per issue, plus more than 600,000 paid subscribers.
But they’re enough for Condé to declare the digital magazines, designed to be
consumed on iPhones and iPods, a “success out of the gate.” For now, that
seems plausible for two reasons. For starters, this is a Big Media digital
product that doesn’t cut into the existing analog offering. The company isn’t
exactly sure whether digital buyers cannibalized print numbers, but its hunch
is that they did not, and that seems right to me. Second, it doesn’t matter
from a financial perspective. That’s because Condé has convinced advertisers
to credit both sales equally. And selling digital copies via iTunes is much
more lucrative than spending money to print and distribute paper copies. Just
as important: While Condé won’t say so out loud, sales of the first few GQ
iPhone issues have given the company confidence that it will be able to port
the app to the iPad, or whatever Apple (APPL) calls the tablet it plans to
unveil next week. The ported app won’t be as flashy as the digital demos of
tabletized magazines Condé and other publishers have shown off–it’s pretty
much a literal translation of the magazine into digital form–but it’s a start.
The eye-popping stuff, meanwhile, will take some time to build. Tagged with:
advertising, analog, app, Apple, blogs, Condé Nast, December, Demo, digital,
entertainment, GQ, Internet, iPad, iPhone, iPod, issue, iTunes, January,
layoff, magazine, MediaMemo, newsstand sales, paid subscribers, Peter Kafka,
print, revenue, sales, software, tablet Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter
While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24,
2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at
11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings.
December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug
December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on
Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20,
2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version