WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Applications New Office for Macs Speeds Up Programs,
Integrates Formats January 3, 2008 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » Despite the fierce rivalry between Microsoft and Apple, there is one
product on which the two companies work closely together: the Macintosh
version of Microsoft Office. Microsoft makes a nice chunk of change from this
software suite, which includes Mac versions of the famous Word, Excel and
PowerPoint programs. Apple needs the Microsoft office suite so its Macintosh
computers can live in harmony with the dominant Windows world. On Jan. 15,
Microsoft will be releasing its first new version of Office for the Mac in
nearly four years. It is called Office 2008, and it has two big changes from
the current version, Office 2004. For one, it is the first edition of Mac
Office designed specifically for the new Intel-based Macs that Apple began
rolling out two years ago. While the old Office ran adequately on the new
Macs, it was slow to launch and slow to perform certain operations. Second,
the new Mac Office now reads and writes a new set of file formats Microsoft
introduced a year ago in the latest Windows version of Office, called Office
2007. Mac owners receiving files in these new formats had been forced to
employ separate and clumsy file converter programs. Now, once again, the Mac
version of Office can handle all the same Word, Excel and PowerPoint files —
in both old and new formats — created in Windows and vice versa. No
translation or conversion is necessary. The files just open and save as they
do in the Windows version. I’ve been testing the new Mac Office on two
different Intel-based Macs: an early MacBook Pro laptop and a new iMac
desktop. On both machines, Office 2008 launched and ran far more rapidly and
smoothly than Office 2004 did. I also tested Office 2008 with a variety of
documents created in the Windows version using the new file formats, which can
be identified by four-letter file name extensions that end in the letter “x.”
All opened rapidly and perfectly in the new Mac version. As in the latest
Windows version, the new Mac Office 2008 allows you to opt to continue to save
automatically all your files in the old, familiar formats-DOC for Word, XLS
for Excel and PPT for PowerPoint. But, if you want to switch to the new
formats, or need to use a file you receive that was created in them, you can
now do so with ease. Like its predecessors, the new Mac Office differs in one
major respect from its Windows cousin: It lacks Outlook, the famed, if
bloated, program for handling email, calendar and contacts. Instead, Office
2008 has a new version of Microsoft’s Mac counterpart to Outlook, called
Entourage, which performs the same tasks but doesn’t use Outlook’s file
format. Like Outlook, Entourage can work with the Microsoft Exchange servers
used by corporations, as well as with consumer email systems. Office 2008 for
the Mac has some new features, but it isn’t nearly as radical an overhaul as
the latest Windows version was. While the latter junked all the menus and
traditional toolbars in Word, Excel and PowerPoint, the new Mac version
retains the familiar menus and toolbars. It doesn’t use the so-called Ribbon,
a band of icons that is the signature feature of Windows Office 2007. The new
Mac Office, however, does include a new user-interface feature called the
Elements Gallery, a narrow strip across the top of the document that lets you
easily summon and insert canned features for laying out documents. For
example, in Word, you can quickly insert a handsome cover page. In Excel, you
can rapidly add a specific type of chart or a spreadsheet preconfigured, for
instance, as an invoice. In PowerPoint, you can quickly add customized slide
themes and layouts. There is also a Publishing Layout View in Word that speeds
the creation of things like newsletters, and a Ledger Sheet feature in Excel
for creating home and small-business budgets. In my tests, I ran into a few
minor glitches. I had to edit my rules for sorting email in Entourage to get
them to work and, at first, I was unable to add new spellings to my custom
dictionary in Word, though that problem went away. But, generally, the program
worked well. The standard edition of the new Office costs $400, or $240 to
upgrade your current version. There is a deluxe edition, which includes a
professional media-management program, for $500, or an upgrade price of $300.
For most average users, however, I recommend the Home and Student edition for
just $150 that can be legally installed on up to three different Macs. This
inexpensive edition has full versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint and
Entourage, but doesn’t work with Exchange servers. Microsoft is also running a
sale, through Jan. 14, under which anyone buying Office 2004 gets a coupon
that allows them to receive the high-end version of Office 2008 for just a
shipping and handling fee of $6.99. Microsoft Office 2008 for the Mac is a
solid program that I can recommend for anyone with a new Mac. It’s not
revolutionary, but it does the job. Email me at mossberg@wsj.com. Find all my
columns and videos online, free, at the new All Things Digital Web site,
http://walt.allthingsd.com. Tagged with Apple, desktop, dictionary, email,
Entourage, Excel, format, iMac, Intel, laptop, Mac, MacBook, Microsoft,
Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, server, software, spreadsheets, toolbar, Windows,
word Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm
PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two
Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on
Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December
03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an
archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street
Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version