WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Horse Flash: Apple’s Steve Jobs on Adobe Vendetta
in 2010 at D8 (Video) November 9, 2011 at 9:30 am PT Tweet Share Print At a
2010 onstage interview with Walt Mossberg and me at the eighth D: All Things
Digital conference, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs spent a lot of time — and
with considerable passion — talking about his company’s decision to dump
Adobe’s popular Flash technology in its iPhone and iPad devices. While he
insisted that he wasn’t out to crush Adobe — instead using the metaphor of
“choosing what horses to ride” — Jobs explained that the software technology
was buggy, no longer useful, and, therefore, needed to be put out to pasture.
“We try to pick things that are in their springs … sometimes you just have to
pick the things that are the right things going forward,” said Jobs plainly.
“Flash looks like a technology that had its day and is waning.” According to
Jobs, HTML5 was the new colt to back. As to the implications on Apple’s mobile
devices if consumers did not agree with his choice, he noted that “it all
works itself out,” adding that a new iPad was then selling every three
seconds. “People seem to be liking iPads,” said Jobs with his patented grin.
It’s an interesting video to watch now — along with this one on Adobe CEO
Shantanu Narayen talking about the issue a year later at D9 — because of
reports that first surfaced last night, that the high-profile software company
— whose Flash technology has been a flagship product — was halting development
on the mobile version of its browser plug-in. Adobe confirmed the move this
morning, noting it will focus its PC Web browser business and on tools that
allow Flash developers to create mobile apps by packaging their code to run on
Adobe’s AIR platform. The move has big implications for Adobe going forward
and also for mobile device makers, such as Google and Research In Motion. But
not Apple. As Ina Fried wrote: “The move, if true, would be a major blow to
Android device makers, who have long touted Flash compatibility as a key
competitive advantage over Apple’s iPhone and iPad. It would also mark a
posthumous vindication for former Apple CEO Steve Jobs, who took a
controversial stand by not supporting Flash on Apple’s mobile products.” Adobe
now apparently agrees. Here’s the video clip of Jobs talking trash about
Flash: (And, here’s a video from a year later from D9 of Adobe CEO Shantanu
Narayen talking about the same topic.) Tagged with: Adobe, Air, app, Apple,
browser, clip, code, compatibility, competitive, consumer, D: All Things
Digital, developer, development, device, flagship, Flash, Google, horse,
HTML5, interview, iPad, iPhone, onstage, PC, platform, product, Research In
Motion, Shantanu Narayen, software, Steve Jobs, tools, version, video You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT D9 Conference All D Conferences Coverage
About Location Media Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe The worst part of the Super Bowl blackout is the
inevitable episode of Newsroom that Sorkin will write.— From Gerry Duggan, via
Twitter AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version