WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Christina Passariello, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal Electronic
Mirrors Sell Lipstick and a Makeover August 27, 2010 at 5:00 am PT Tweet Share
Print Cosmetics aisles in supermarkets and drugstores are adding electronic
makeover specialists with the help of an Israeli start-up. Retailers including
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT), France’s Carrefour SA and Superdrug Stores PLC in
Britain are testing EZface Inc.’s “virtual mirrors” in their stores to
simulate what makeup and hair dye would look like on shoppers. Faced with
stiff competition from specialist cosmetics stores including Sephora, where
shoppers get to try on products before buying them, retailers are looking for
new ways to boost sales and reduce damaged inventory from opened packaging by
consumers experimenting with products. The virtual mirror kiosks are designed
to be easy to use. A person stands in front of the screen and an internal
camera takes a picture. Then the person scans the bar codes of various
cosmetics—such as mascara, foundation, eye shadow, blush and lip gloss—and
each automatically appears on the appropriate part of the face. A list on the
right side of the screen reminds the person what products she is virtually
testing. The user can print out the image, send it by email, or post it on
Facebook. Read the rest of this post on the original site Tagged with:
Carrefour SA, Christina Passariello, cosmetics, digital, EZface, Facebook,
frontpage, hair dye, hardware, innovation, Israel, makeover, makeup,
retailers, Sephora, software, Superdrug Stores PLC, The Wall Street Journal,
virtual mirrors, Wal-Mart Must-Reads from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy
China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas, Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul
Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton,
Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My Year With Google Glass Mat Honan,
Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The
Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors,
Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside » About Voices Along with original
content and posts from across the Dow Jones network, this section of
AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites — pieces we’ve read,
discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from external sites are
included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines. We link to the
original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly labeled, so it’s clear
that the content comes from other websites, and for clarity’s sake, all
outside posts run against a pink background. We also solicit original full-
length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions. Read more » Featured
Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara
Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing
in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying
Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful
Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop
Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-
to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The
Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal
Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha
in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version