WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Tricia Duryee Groupon Surging After Analyst Becomes Bullish on New
Products February 13, 2013 at 11:28 am PT Tweet Share Print One lone analyst
believes that Groupon has a chance to evolve beyond its current daily deals
business. Sterne Agee’s Arvind Bhatia upgraded Groupon to “buy” from “neutral”
this morning, sending the company’s stock up 27 cents, or 5 percent, to $5.56
a share in afternoon trading. At one point in pre-market trading, the stock
hit as much as $5.74. While those gains are significant considering where the
shares have been trading for the past few months, the stock overall is still
down more than 70 percent since Groupon’s IPO in November. Bhatia acknowledged
how out of sync his upgrade is with the bigger picture: “This is an out-of-
consensus upgrade predicated on a more constructive longer-term view of the
company,” he wrote in a letter to investors. He also warned that the upgrade
was not a reflection of the company’s fourth-quarter results, which are being
released on Feb. 27. (Bhatia believes the stock can go as high as $9 over the
next 12 months.) Rather, his thesis is based on the belief that the Chicago
company — and therefore its CEO and founder Andrew Mason — can execute on a
number of fronts, by turning around its international business and leveraging
its mobile commerce foothold. And, even more importantly, he believes that
Groupon can evolve beyond its core push business of delivering offers by email
to a model where consumers will discover deals on the site through search
engines and direct traffic to the site. In November, I wrote about this
evolution to a marketplace approach, which Groupon was rolling out in Chicago
and New York. At the time, Jeff Holden, the company’s SVP of Product,
explained that Groupon had mastered serendipity by sending offers to people
they thought might like them. But now they are trying to become a destination
where people shop for things they already know they are looking to buy. In a
handful of markets, consumers can now browse and search a catalog of offers —
they don’t disappear after one day. Categories span everything from local
deals, including auto, restaurants and spas, to products, like bed linens and
pet care. At the time, Groupon said it had amassed 27,000 deals in North
America as part of the company’s new direction. That will be a critical number
to watch, since having a lot of inventory will be a crucial component to its
success. Bhatia claims that the benefit to this approach is that the deals can
now be marketed effectively through search engines, like Google and Bing, as
opposed to sending emails (which people are tiring of). “Currently less than 5
percent of Groupon’s revenue comes from search engine marketing,” he wrote.
“In contrast, an estimated 25 percent of queries on search engines are local
and 50 percent of mobile searches are for local, which suggests meaningful
untapped opportunity.” Rakesh Agrawal, a business consultant and outspoken
critic on Groupon, disagreed with the company’s prospects of using Google and
Bing to drive sales going forward. “Search marketing is a much more
complicated sell,” he said. “Even if it were successful, the revenue they
could generate pales in comparison with what daily deals were throwing off.”
Groupon is expecting fourth-quarter revenue ranging between $625 million and
$675 million, an increase of 27 percent to 37 percent, compared with the same
period a year earlier. It expects income from operations to be between
breakeven and $20 million, compared with a loss of $15 million in the fourth-
quarter 2011. Analysts are forecasting a loss of two cents a share. Tagged
with: Arvind Bhatia, Bing, earnings, email, Google, Groupon, IPO, Jeff Holden,
marketplace, pull, push, Rakesh Agrawal, search engines, shares, Sterne Agee,
stock Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version