Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer Success Success Stories Reviews Services
Hortonworks Runs Enormous Expansion, High-Growth on Adaptive Insights Big Data
Software Developer Manages Employee, Financial Forecasts With All-In-One
Solution English, British – ANZ English, British – UK Hortonworks built its
business on innovation. That’s why the open source data company turned to the
Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud. With the click of a button,
Adaptive Insights made it easier to drill down into key performance indicators
and forecast the impact of employee growth. The visibility elevated financial
management beyond just tracking labor and managing expenses. Analytics prowess
gave Hortonworks a competitive edge in a landscape of continuous innovation.
Challenges Planning and analysis for rapidly growing business in multiple
countries and currencies Simplifying corporate-wide budgeting, planning, and
reporting processes Reconciling variances to plans quickly Results More
accurate and frequent planning with detailed “what-if” analysis to model all
key scenarios Easy-to-update, 18-month rolling forecasting helping the company
scale Instantaneous analysis of changes to assumptions facilitates faster,
more informed decision-making About: Hortonworks develops, distributes and
supports the only 100% open source Apache Hadoop® data platform. The
Hortonworks Data Platform provides an open platform that deeply integrates
with existing IT investments and upon which enterprises can build and deploy
Hadoop-based applications. Location: Palo Alto, CA Industry: Software and
Technology See Adaptive Insights in action. Watch an online demo.Watch a Demo
Adaptive Insights is key to keeping up with our growth. If Adaptive Insights
fell off the earth, it would be like cutting off my arm. Dan Bradford, VP of
Finance Today's leading international commercial developer and distributor of
Apache Hadoop was founded in 2011 and already has a case of the "multies" –
multiple entities, in multiple countries, handling multiple currencies.
Expansion Meets Acceleration According to Hortonworks VP of Finance Dan
Bradford, the Palo Alto-based company uses Adaptive Insights to do everything
from managing employee growth to generating weekly financial forecasts. "We're
a high-growth company and we're still adding headcount, expanding globally,
and handling more types of currencies," said Bradford. "Adaptive Insights is
key to keeping up with our growth. If Adaptive Insights fell off the earth, it
would be like cutting off my arm." Without Bradford, Hortonworks may still be
using a time-consuming, on-premise FP&A; solution; an outdated model ill-fit
for an industry-leading company. But when Bradford joined Hortonworks in 2011,
he arrived with some valuable career experience. "I've used Adaptive Insights
at different career stops, beginning in 2008 when I was a professional
services consultant," said Bradford. "I also used it when I worked for a real
estate firm and had about 30-40 budgets to maintain. So when I came to
Hortonworks and realized we needed a more efficient process, I implemented
Adaptive Insights right away." Deeper, More Accurate Insight "We love the
Netsuite connector," said Bradford. "We're using it to make income statement
reconciliations and quickly find and reconcile any variances so that I can
focus on the most important nuggets of data. And at the end of each quarter,
we import actual costs from Netsuite and give our Board a complete corporate
performance report." For Hortonworks, the list of benefits goes on, including:
• Drill-down analysis of KPIs • More accurate and frequent planning & detailed
"what-if" analysis • Easy-to-update, 18-month rolling forecasting "For me, I
instantly knew Adaptive Insights had return on investment," said Bradford.
"It's top of mind for financial planning, and it allows me to spend much more
time on really strategic things instead of jockeying spreadsheets for eight
hours. I haven't needed to hire a director of FP&A; yet because the software
has streamlined our planning and reporting. That alone is a significant cost
savings for the company." Adaptive Insights Plays Key Role in Employee Growth
According to Bradford, "people" is Hortonworks' main cost center. And that's
where Adaptive Insights has been most crucial to the company's growth. "I use
Adaptive Insights to track new hires and who is slated to be hired," said
Bradford. "The ability to change a headcount assumption, and have it globally
run through our entire business model to see the impact on payroll taxes, or
personnel allocations, is instantaneous. I click a button and holy cow! I have
a huge set of neatly-packaged reports to discuss with the management team,
which would have taken hours to do without Adaptive Insights." Executives Get
Answers Fast Bradford's job includes more than tracking and managing people
and expenses. He also has to field and answer questions about growth and
performance from the rest of Hortonworks' executive team, a job that would
have taken most of Bradford's time away from important tactical initiatives.
Instead, Bradford has questions under control, allowing him to be the
strategic finance leader that is crucial to any fast-growing company. For me,
I instantly knew Adaptive Insights had return on investment. It’s top of mind
for financial planning. Dan Bradford, VP of Finance Keep up with your
company's growth. Try Adaptive Insights free for 30 days.Free Trial Watch Demo
Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance for Sales
Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col 2SolutionsChallenges Need
Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer SuccessSuccess Stories
Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO Indicators Datasheets Demos
eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts White Papers Footer Menu
Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu Col 6AboutOur Company
Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin twitter youtube blog
©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy 800.303.6346
Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94303 ×Close