WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello hack 55 posts and columns on hack All Writers Kara Swisher Walt
Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
Voices Target Discusses Breach With State Attorneys Sara Germano and Robin
Sidel, Reporters, The Wall Street Journal in Security on December 23, 2013 at
4:46 pm PT Target Corp. moved on Monday to allay rising concerns from state
attorneys general over its 20-day security breach. J.P. Morgan Warns of UCard
Data Breach John Paczkowski in News on December 5, 2013 at 2:59 pm PT As many
as 465,000 consumers affected. News Byte After Hacking Incident, Social
Startup Buffer Boosts Security Measures Mike Isaac in Social on November 26,
2013 at 6:30 am PT Buffer, a social media management app for businesses,
announced on Tuesday that it will now offer two-factor authentication security
for its users. The additional security measures require a user to validate
their identity with their smartphone before logging in to the service, a
feature also offered by Facebook, Google and others. The feature comes just
one month after Buffer was hacked and used to post spam to some user accounts.
News Byte Trained Monkeys Fix YouTube Outage Liz Gannes in News on November
18, 2013 at 3:45 pm PT YouTube had an outage on Monday, and its jokey error
message (“A team of highly trained monkeys has been dispatched to deal with
this situation”) had some users wondering if it had been hacked. A
spokesperson for the video site said, “Some people encountered errors, or a
slower than normal experience on YouTube today. We worked quickly to address
the issue and fixed the problem. We’re sorry for any inconvenience this
caused.” Social Sharing App Buffer Hacked, Temporarily Halts Service Mike
Isaac in Social on October 26, 2013 at 12:47 pm PT Social media managers, take
note. AllThingsD Week in Review: iPhone Overload, YouTube Offline and the
Future of AllThingsD Eric Johnson in General on September 22, 2013 at 7:00 am
PT The Top 10 stories that powered AllThingsD this week, in one convenient
post. Yes, Apple Is Working on a Fix for the iOS 7 Lock Screen Hack John
Paczkowski in Mobile on September 19, 2013 at 3:10 pm PT In the meantime, just
disable access to Control Center on your iOS device’s lock screen. Facebook
Responds to Zuckerberg Profile Hack: Our Bad (Sorta) Mike Isaac in Social on
August 18, 2013 at 7:00 pm PT The hacker says he was just trying to help!
Voices Washington Post Site Is Hacked Brian R. Fitzgerald, Reporter, The Wall
Street Journal in Media on August 15, 2013 at 8:59 am PT The hack comes a day
after the New York Times site was down for several hours, though the Times
said the outage was caused by an “internal issue” and there was no reason to
suspect a cyberattack. Home Security I can see all of the devices in your home
and I think I can control them. — Forbes reporter Kashmir Hill, to the owner
of a “smart home,” whose system was accessible to her due to a vulnerability
in a now-discontinued product AllThingsD’s Week in Review: The Chromecast’s
Enemies and AT&T;’s Record Android Sales Eric Johnson in General, July 28,
2013 at 11:45 am PT Apple Charts Recovery From Dev Center Hack on New System
Status Page Is Ibrahim Balic Behind the Apple Dev Center Hack? Maybe Not. John
Paczkowski in News, July 23, 2013 at 4:11 pm PT Game Company Ubisoft Hacked,
User Accounts Compromised Mike Isaac in News, July 2, 2013 at 9:36 am PT
Instagram Suffers Weird, Fruit-Based Flood of Spam Mike Isaac in Social, June
29, 2013 at 11:50 am PT Some Guardian Twitter Accounts Hacked, Likely More to
Follow Mike Isaac in Social, April 29, 2013 at 11:02 am PT LivingSocial Hack
Update: Investigation Ongoing, While Emails Out to 50 Million Users Kara
Swisher in Commerce, April 27, 2013 at 12:45 pm PT LivingSocial Hacked — More
Than 50 Million Customer Names, Emails, Birthdates and Encrypted Passwords
Accessed (Internal Memo) Kara Swisher in Commerce, April 26, 2013 at 1:15 pm
PT U.S. Stocks Tank Briefly in Wake of Associated Press Twitter Account Hack
Mike Isaac in Social, April 23, 2013 at 10:29 am PT Heard About the iOS
Lockscreen Hack? No, Not That One — The New One. In Wake of Hack, Evernote to
Add Heightened Security Features Microsoft Hacked, Just Like Facebook and
Apple Mike Isaac in General, February 22, 2013 at 4:24 pm PT Zendesk Hacker
Accesses Twitter, Tumblr and Pinterest Data Liz Gannes in Social, February 21,
2013 at 9:25 pm PT This Is the Site Likely Responsible for the Recent Major
Tech Company Hacks Mike Isaac in Social, February 19, 2013 at 1:42 pm PT
Burger King Twitter Account Hacked Page 1 of 212Next Related Videos View all
videos » Inside the MOTO Truck at D11: 3-D Printing & More Search » AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version