WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox The Practical Case Against
File Sharing October 20, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s no
other major item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable and
unreliable as our personal computers. Everybody has questions about them, and
we aim to help. Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received
recently from people like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the
questions a bit, for readability. This week my mailbox contained questions
about getting viruses from file-swapping services, other options beyond dial-
up Internet access, and buying a Mac desktop computer. If you have a question,
send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com, and I may select it to be answered here in
Mossberg’s Mailbox. Are there problems with using file-swapping sites like
Kazaa, as long as you have a good antivirus protection program? I don’t mind
paying for individual songs, but other sites like iTunes or Rhapsody often
don’t have the songs I want. Yes, there are problems. The first are the
ethical and legal issues arising from obtaining somebody else’s copyrighted
intellectual property without paying for it, from a person who isn’t licensed
or authorized to distribute it. The other sites you mention, iTunes and
Rhapsody, are legally licensed to distribute music. Kazaa and its ilk aren’t,
nor are the people who make music available through them. Your argument is
like rationalizing buying stolen TVs because your local Best Buy didn’t have
the model you wanted. If your conscience can get past that, there are
practical issues. These sites are major transmitters not only of viruses, but
of spyware, which your antivirus program can’t stop. Even if your PC has a
full, up-to-date security suite, with antispyware software, you are asking for
trouble by downloading from “file swapping” sites. Many of the people I hear
from who have had to take drastic, costly steps to save heavily infected PCs
attribute their problems to the fact that their kids were frequenting file-
sharing sites. I currently have dial-up access to the Internet, which is slow.
I pay a total of $35-$40 a month for the Internet service itself, plus a
dedicated phone line. I see ads that claim I can give up this dial-up service
and the extra phone line and somehow get higher-speed Internet access for
less. Is this true? I do not have a cellphone or wireless service into my
house, though I do have cable TV. You can definitely save a lot of money on
your Internet service, and drastically increase speed at the same time. And
you don’t need cellphone or wireless service at all. They are irrelevant. Your
choices are DSL from your phone company, or cable-modem service from your
cable TV provider. Either will give you a high-speed broadband connection that
is much, much faster than your current dial-up service — without tying up your
phone line. You can go down to a single phone line for making voice calls. DSL
tends to be a lot cheaper, so I recommend DSL if you want to save money. And,
while the low-priced DSL service is a lot slower than a cable modem, it is
much cheaper and still is roughly 15 times as fast as your current connection.
Verizon offers a low-end DSL service for $14.95 a month, with the first month
free. It’s much faster than what you have now, and you wouldn’t need the
second phone line. Other companies may have similar offers. But you should go
to your phone company’s DSL Web site first to see if your house qualifies for
DSL. Not all homes do; it depends on how far you live from the nearest phone
company facility. I am a Windows user who wants to switch to Mac, and I have
found two options suitable for me. The first option is to buy the $1,299 iMac
G5. And the second option is to buy the Mac mini with the 1.42 GHz processor,
1 GB of memory and a 100 GB hard drive. It all depends on what you do on your
computer and on what your plans are. The mini, configured as you specify, will
cost you $500 less than the iMac. But it is less powerful and less full-
featured than the iMac. And it lacks a monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers,
all of which come with the iMac. If you have all of these on your Windows PC,
and like them, and don’t plan to keep the Windows PC, you can switch them over
to the mini. But you’ll still have to buy a peripheral called a USB hub,
because the mini has too few ports. If you want to preserve your Windows
machine, you’ll have to buy new peripherals, or a gadget called a KVM that
allows the mini and your Windows machine to share the peripherals. The iMac
G5, in my view, is the best consumer desktop on the market, and the $1,299
model has just been upgraded, without a price increase. So, if your computing
needs are modest, your budget is limited and you’re ready and willing to
switch over your Windows peripherals, the mini would be a better bargain. But
the iMac is the better computer. * * * Because of the volume of e-mail I
receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or consult
on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I receive
and select three each week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S.
Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with cellphone, dial-up, DSL, file-
swapping, iMac, Internet, iTunes, Kazaa, Mac, PC, Rhapsody, Verizon, virus,
Windows Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04
pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two
Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on
Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December
03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an
archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street
Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version