WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl No, HP Will Not Be Selling Autonomy or EDS or
Anything Else January 16, 2013 at 12:21 pm PT Tweet Share Print Hewlett-
Packard is receiving plenty of interest from potential buyers of its Autonomy
software and EDS IT services business units. But they’re all getting the very
same answer from CEO Meg Whitman: Thanks, but no thanks. Dow Jones just
reported minutes ago that HP is receiving “expressions of interest” from
potential buyers. But according to sources familiar with the matter, HP
receives such incoming interest on a regular basis. However, the normal flow
of incoming interest, these sources say, has picked up in recent weeks in the
wake of two developments. First, the rumors, since confirmed, that HP rival
Dell is in advanced talks to go private in a leveraged buyout, spurred
additional interest, primarily from other technology companies as well as
private equity firms, in buying either unit or both. “Dell has everyone in a
tizzy,” one source said. The second and more important development is new
language found in HP’s most recent 10-K filing with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, first sniffed out by Bloomberg News, saying the company
continues to “evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that
may no longer help us meet our objectives.” That language, sources say, was
inserted in the latest filing at the insistence of HP’s lawyers and doesn’t
reflect Whitman’s view, which she has reiterated often, that HP will remain
intact as a single entity. The sources stressed that Whitman’s view on this is
unchanged: Her turnaround plan calls for every significant business unit
inside HP to remain part of HP. The sources also said that recent rumors
suggesting that HP had quietly set up “working teams” to assess the sale of
certain assets are not true. “We get incoming on this sort of thing almost
every day. We may even take some calls or meetings, but every time the answer
is the same: No,” one source told me. Whatever the case, HP shareholders like
the rumor: HP shares rose nearly 4 percent to $17.15 on the news. Tagged with:
Autonomy, deals, Dell, EDS, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Meg Whitman, mergers and
acquisitions, private equity Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version