Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Pinterest Launches Promoted
Video With Autoplay to All Advertisers Reading Time: 1 Minute Since Pinterest
first rolled out Promoted Video in August 2016, the platform’s 175 million
monthly active users have welcomed the format as a way of finding ideas for
everything from fashion to cooking to home decor. To help businesses further
capitalize on the growing popularity of social video content, Pinterest is
launching Promoted Video with autoplay to its global Marketing Partners
program. Promoted Videos are bought on a per-impression basis and early
research has shown that the format is 3 times more memorable than Standard
Pins. With 93% of users turning to Pinterest to plan their shopping, it should
come as no surprise that Pinners are 2.4 times more likely than other video
viewers to make a purchase after seeing a video. The new format, which is
currently available only to businesses, is set to autoplay in feed with click-
to-play audio. Videos will also show up in users’ home feed, search results,
and when they scroll down to see Related Pins. Brands can ensure that ads
reach the right audience at the right time by targeting users based on
keywords and interests, gender, location, and device. “Video has become one of
the most powerful ways to connect with users. Pinterest’s Promoted Video with
autoplay is a natural next step in building out the platform’s advertising
capabilities,” says Kyle Benedetti, Adaptly’s VP of Partnerships. “It offers
brands yet another way to engage Pinners with beautiful and useful content.
We’ve seen great engagement levels for Promoted Video already, and I’m excited
to see the success it will bring to our clients going forward.” Pinterest has
long been popular with advertisers. 75% of content saved to Pinterest comes
from businesses, and 87% of users have purchased an item after seeing it on
the platform. The availability of autoplay video gives advertisers yet another
way to connect with current and prospective audiences, reaching them at an
early stage in the funnel. To learn more about how your brand can use
Pinterest Promoted Video, contact Adaptly or read the announcement via
Pinterest. Sofia Lundberg Marketing Manager, EMEA Originally from Stockholm,
Sweden, Sofia is now a proud Londoner with experience working in both B2B and
B2C marketing contexts. An avid runner, foodie and coffee fanatic, she’s
curious and eager to immerse herself in all things social. Share Categories
Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start
Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising
trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable
General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media
Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY
10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N
LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite
405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA
94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact