WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Apple Gets Its First Big Publisher: New York Times
Subscriptions Will Be Sold Through iTunes March 17, 2011 at 7:55 am PT Tweet
Share Print The New York Times has finally unveiled its paywall plans, a year-
plus in the making. And with the Times’ announcement, Steve Jobs gets his
first big publisher to announce it is signing on with his new subscription
plan: The Times says it will sell access to the paper’s apps through iTunes,
on Jobs’ new terms. That means that the Times will give up 30 percent of every
subscription it sells through Apple. And the Times will also lose access to
valuable subscriber data for those sales, too. But clearly the Times has
decided that it’s better to work with Steve Jobs than to ignore altogether the
market he’s created. That doesn’t mean that subscribers who want access to the
Times on their iPad or iPhone have to buy access through iTunes, just that
they can. And that the Times will comply with Apple’s new rules for any of
those sales. The Times says its paywall packages will also work with Google’s
Android platform, as well as Research In Motion’s Blackberry. But the Times
won’t be selling subscriptions through Android or Blackberry app stores, says
spokesperson Eileen Murphy; the only two places to buy access to the paper
will be through its site, using its e-commerce engine, and via Apple. As for
the packages themselves: As predicted, they hover around the $20-a-month mark,
starting at $15 a month for Web + phone access, up to $35 a month for all-you-
can-eat on every platform. Crucially, the plan gives free access to all
platforms for subscribers who get the Times delivered, in paper and ink
format, to their homes. Those subscribers, for now, are the papers’ most
treasured resource, and it wants to hang on to them for as long as it can. Not
coincidentally, the cheapest way to get the most access to the paper continues
to be a print subscription, at least for new subscribers, and at least for
now. (Thanks for the reminder, Ari Weinberg) While the Times all-access
digital plan is $35 a month, new subscribers in the New York area can get a
print subscription–along with full digital access, for about $25.35 a month.
That price goes up outside of New York, but there’s still a discount. In
Minneapolis and Los Angeles, for instance, new print subscribers will pay $32
a month. The Times will put up its paywall in 11 days, on March 28th. It
promises to comply with Apple’s subscription terms by making “1-click purchase
available in the App Store by June 30 to ensure that readers can continue to
access Times apps on Apple devices.” And as previously announced, this isn’t a
formal payall. Or, at least, it’s a porous one. Anyone can use the Times’ Web
site to read up to 20 articles a month for free. And if you’ve surpassed your
monthly limit, you’ll still be able to read Times articles if you’ve been sent
there from referring sites like Facebook, Twitter or anywhere else on the Web.
The Times says it will place a five-article-per-day limit on Google referrals,
however; it’s currently the only search engine with that limit, Murphy says.
To spell that out: If you want to game the Times’ paywall, just use
Microsoft’s Bing. For now, at least. Tagged with: advertising, Android, Apple,
BlackBerry, blogs, Facebook, Google, Internet, iPad, iPhone, iTunes,
MediaMemo, New York Times, paywalls, Peter Kafka, Research In Motion,
software, Steve Jobs, subscriptions, Twitter Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version