WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Despite Free-to-Play Explosion, Apple Puts
Spotlight on Paid Games December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Tweet Share Print
Apple’s iPad game of the year, Badland. A quick postscript to the statistical
confirmation, found in yesterday’s year-in-review report from Distimo, that
freemium apps are dominating app store revenue: Apple’s editors seem to think
different(ly). On Monday, Cupertino put out its lists of the “Best of 2013” on
iTunes and the iOS App Store, and as USgamer notes, the difference between the
“best” and the “most popular” apps is night and day. Apple’s favorite iPhone
game of the year was Vlambeer’s Ridiculous Fishing, and its favorite iPad game
of the year was Frogmind’s Badland. What do these two games have in common?
They’re both from small indie studios in Europe. They both launched on iOS
exclusively before later coming to Android — albeit with a different price in
Badland’s case. Neither made it into the lists for the 10 most-downloaded or
top-grossing apps of the year. And they’re both paid downloads, without in-app
purchases. Yep, paid without IAP. As in, part of a tiny and shrinking minority
of mobile games, accounting for only eight percent of mobile games’ revenue in
2013, according to Distimo. Badland costs $3.99, while Ridiculous Fishing
costs $2.99 and proudly advertises in its description: “No IAP — buy the game,
play the game. No additional costs, no hidden fees.” “Even the hats are IAP-
free,” it continues, in reference to the headgear Billy the fisherman can
equip, along with various fishing lures, gadgets and guns (this is ridiculous
fishing, after all). But to Camouflaj founder Ryan Payton, this isn’t all that
odd. “The landscape for premium has changed,” Payton said in a recent
interview. “Apple has been very supportive of premium pricing.” And he should
know. On Thursday, Camouflaj plans to launch its iOS-exclusive narrative
stealth game Republique, which raised more than half a million dollars on
Kickstarter last year. He said the game will follow the same pricing model as
Telltale’s The Walking Dead games, charging $4.99 for serialized “episodes,”
with a discount and bonus features for players who buy a season pass. Payton’s
history is in console games, having worked at Konami on Metal Gear Solid 4 and
at Microsoft on Halo 4. He said that Infinity Blade (another premium iOS-
exclusive series) “opened my eyes and made me respect mobile gaming.” “When we
first pitched the game, lots of publishers said nobody wants to play narrative
content on iPhones and iPads,” Payton said, noting that that has changed in
the past year. However, he acknowledged that getting a paid game in front of
the right audience at this time of year is especially tough for games that
don’t monetize as well as Candy Crush Saga, which topped the charts on both
iPhone and iPad in Apple’s year-in-review lists. The cost of paid user
acquisition at this time of year can run as high as $7 per install, which is
way out of the studio’s price range. Instead, Camouflaj has to hope that
Apple’s App Store editors point their spotlight at Republique this week, since
getting featured by Apple’s editors is a time-proven way of getting noticed,
fast. But why does Apple have such an active editorial voice in the first
place? It boils down to the bigger iPhone strategy: Cupertino wants to move
hardware, not software, but having big “serious” titles exclusive to the iOS
ecosystem lets Apple make the case that its iDevices run the most high-caliber
apps around … even if most of the downloads and money are going to Candy Crush
instead. Tagged with: Android, App Store, Apple, ATD Facebook, Badland,
Camouflaj, Candy Crush Saga, Chair Entertainment, crowdfunding, Distimo, free-
to-play, Frogmind, games, gaming, Google, Halo, Halo 4, in-app purchases,
Infinity Blade, iOS, iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, Kickstarter, king, Konami,
Metal Gear Solid 4, Microsoft, mobile games, monetization, Republique,
Ridiculous Fishing, Ryan Payton, Telltale Games, The Walking Dead, User
Acquisition, videogames, Vlambeer QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises
Another $22 Million December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review:
WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at
5:30 pm PT Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19,
2013 at 1:52 pm PT Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and Oculus VR Makes
Perfect Sense December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version