WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Seven Questions for Seagate CEO Steve Luczo
About the Effects of the Thailand Floods November 23, 2011 at 5:45 am PT Tweet
Share Print Name an executive of any company that makes any kind of computing
hardware that contains a hard drive, and you can bet they’re worried about
Thailand. The country is now beginning the arduous job of cleaning up from the
floods that killed upwards of 600 people and dealt a body blow to its
industrial and manufacturing base. One industry hit especially hard is the
computer business. The world relies on factories in Thailand to turn out
critical components used to build hard drives, and factories there are out of
commission for now. This is not a trivial problem — the factories in question
are not easy to replace, retool and restart once they dry out. Nor is the
answer simply for the hard drive manufacturers to build new factories
somewhere outside the flood zone. This is the kind of supply chain disruption
that the computer industry hasn’t seen in many years. I had a chance to talk
with Steve Luczo, the CEO of Seagate Technology, for his view of the
situation. Seagate has been relatively lucky in that its factories haven’t
been directly impacted like those of Western Digital and Toshiba. But many
companies that supply Seagate with necessary components have been hit, and it
will be some time before they’re back on their feet. Luczo told me that the
computer industry as a whole — including companies who make PCs, servers,
workstations and any other device that contains a hard drive, whether a set-
top box or an enterprise storage device — can expect acute supply-chain
disruptions to last well into 2012, and that it will take until the end of
2013 for the industry to return to its pre-flood operating posture. You read
that right: It will be two years before the supply of hard drives is anywhere
near “back to normal,” and there are simply no easy solutions for getting it
fixed. An estimate by the market research firm IHS iSuppli pegs the available
supply at 125 million units, which is about 29 percent short of demand of 175
million units. By its reckoning, more than one-quarter of the world’s hard
drive manufacturing capacity has been disrupted in one way or another,
including 45 percent of the capacity devoted to making hard drives for
personal computers. I spoke with Luczo by phone yesterday, and tossed in an
extra eighth question because of the importance of the subject. AllThingsD:
Steve, at a high level, I think everyone understands the problem. There’s been
a terrible flood in Thailand, and a lot of factories that make crucial parts
for hard drives are out of commission. To that end, I think people expect this
to be a temporary problem that works itself out in a couple of months. But you
say it’s a much more complex problem than most people realize. You’re tracking
this situation day to day, and probably hour by hour. So, how bad is it,
really? And what’s likely to happen? Luczo: What’s surprising to us is that
even with all the data out there — we’re six weeks into it — there are a lot
of fairly sophisticated companies that haven’t fully come to grips with the
depth of the problem and the duration that is likely to occur. What is going
to happen in the next couple of weeks is that the real shortage begins to show
up right about now. There was already a lot of built inventory and a lot of
finished goods moving through the system. And now all that is gone, and I
think customers are starting to see shelves of parts go empty, and realizing
that they’re not going to be filled for anywhere from one to two months. So
the concern is heightened. We heard Meg Whitman talk about this on HP’s
earnings call Monday. She said HP stepped in and started doing some strategic
buying. She says HP is going to see effects at least through the first half of
next year. Apple talked about it on its earnings conference call, too. Are you
hearing from them? Tim Cook at Apple was way in front of this. I saw Tim the
first week it happened, and took him through the situation, and in 15 minutes
he understood the magnitude of it. Meg was on the second week of her job as
CEO when I went to see her, and she got it right away. HP’s procurement VP,
Tony Prophet, was also early to understand this. Companies like that reached
out to us early on, because they understood that this is going to be an
extended problem. They started asking for longer supply agreements. Deals that
would typically last about a year, they’re now asking for two years. How bad
is it really going to be? What’s your outlier worst-case scenario, and then
what do you think is a little more realistic? If you think pre-flood, a mix
[of products] that the customers need, the industry had the capacity to ship
about 190 million units a quarter. Pre-flood, we expected the demand to be
pretty consistent at about 180 million a quarter, with a bump in September
2012 for Windows 8. We now believe the March quarter is going to much more
difficult than the December quarter, and December is going to be about 120
million or so. We think the March quarter will be about 120 million, in the
best-case scenario. And that’s with customers mixing down pretty aggressively;
and by that, I mean companies like Western Digital, who don’t have access to
the sliders [a critical component in a drive], are shipping one- and two-
headed devices so they can ship more units. So instead of shipping a drive
that contains two disks and four heads, which is what the market needs right
now, they’ll be shipping a one-disk, one-head or one-desk, two-head product.
They’ll be maximizing the units they can sell, rather than shipping the
product the customer actually needs. … So we see something like 130 million
for March on the optimistic side, and then 150 million for June, 170 for
September and then 190 million for December. And so by the end of 2012 you’re
back to being close to industry demand. But even then, you’ve not included the
impact of that missed 100 million units. And that will take another year to
absorb, because it’s not like the industry is building new factories to chase
that demand. We can’t over-invest to meet some bubble and then get stuck with
excess capacity. I think, intuitively, people expected companies like Seagate
to just build more factories outside of the flood zone, but it’s not that
simple, is it? Would this not be a moment to add capacity? There are some in
the investment community who think that’s what is going to happen, and that
there will end up being a supply glut after all this is over, but it’s not the
case. For us, it’s more a function of how to recover the supply chain and then
work with the customer to get a good read on what their needs are for the next
several quarters. If we see a multiquarter shortage that goes beyond what I
described before, then we would think about maybe putting some capital in
place. But we’re not going to do that to solve a temporary problem, because we
end up being stuck with the excess capacity. Now if it turns out there is no
recovery, and then the industry is more constrained than I first described —
and that, by June, the industry is still 30-40 million units short and looks
like it will be for the next six quarters — we might revisit. But then we’d
want longer-term commitments to make sure we’re not overinvesting. But we’re
not to that point yet. What is this doing to prices? And what does that mean
to the person who wants to buy a computer or server this year or next year? If
you look at a 10-year moving average trend, the industry has in general seen
prices come down about 2 to 3 percent a quarter, and that is for a particular
product. In 2009, there was a little price erosion, and that was because the
storage industry recovered quickly from the recession. And there had been
massive capital cutbacks, so there were big shortfalls through all of 2009 and
into 2010. Then, when the Greece crisis happened, that put a big flatline on a
lot of growth, and the industry had put in a lot of capital because everyone
expected there would be growth. So, since spring of 2010, the price erosion
has been higher than normal, which would show that supply is greater than
demand. And what this flood has done is drive the supply curve down, while the
demand curve has stayed constant. For OEMs [original equipment manufacturers,
or the PC and server manufacturers like Apple, HP and Dell, who buy directly
from Seagate], you’re seeing an average increase of about 20 percent, and in
the channel [resellers who sell parts to smaller PC and server vendors],
probably much higher. So all the sensational quotes you see about pricing are
about those that occur in the channel, where we have no control whatsoever.
The markups in the channel are much higher? Are the channel guys taking
advantage of this? Yes, they’re higher, but I don’t think they’re taking
advantage. I’ve heard stories about drives that we sell to OEMs for $60 that
show up in the channel at $105. Normally the channel price is within about 10
percent of the OEM price. It’s just the law of supply and demand. They can’t
get supply. The channel is getting about a third, at most, of the supply they
would typically get. The OEMs are the ones with the supply agreements, so
everyone in the channel is way short. In some market segments, supply is about
70 percent below what the demand is. And so those shortages are very acute.
The channel is selling the few drives that are out there to whoever needs them
the most and is willing to pay for them. So what does all this mean for
Seagate, specifically? For us it’s a different story, because we’re going to
be driving more volume than our competitors, because we’re not as directly
affected, and we’re going to be making some technology transitions. When we do
that, it lets us take cost out of our product, so we can offer more capacity
for the same or fewer parts. That helps us drive down pricing. Our goal is to
recapture some of the more aggressive pricing of the last eight quarters, in
order to sort of get our business back in balance. Our long-term business
model calls for gross margins of 22 to 26 percent. And we use our
manufacturing expertise to drive down our costs and then pass that on to our
customers. This quarter, end users really won’t see it, because product has
been built and has been on the shelves. As the shortages just started
occurring, you’re starting to see prices increase in the channel. And then at
the OEM there will be shortages in some high-value areas like enterprise
storage or cloud computing. You’re going to have to see price increases,
because there’s such big shortages. One thing that occurred to me when I first
wrote about this a month or so ago is that it represents an opportunity for
the flash memory chip companies to make some inroads against hard-drive guys
like you, mainly on notebooks. Is there a threat that flash could pick up some
of the demand? Some of it, but not very much. I think to the extent that there
is a high value purchaser who can afford to pay $200 for 100 gigabytes, then
that market will expand from 1-2 percent to 3-4 percent. Of the 35 to 40
percent shortage that exists, could you see a little of that get absorbed by
silicon? The answer is yes. But there’s a cap. There’s just not enough of a
raw supply of silicon to meet all the demand. Our industry will ship 400
exabytes this year. We would have shipped 450, were it not for the floods. Of
that, 180 exabytes is notebooks. Reduce that by 30 percent, and you get about
55 or 60 exabytes. If you were to take all of the capacity from Samsung’s
newest state-of-the-art flash factory, and dedicated it just to notebooks, it
would only put out 7 exabytes a year. Plus, there are already other markets
demanding flash, like tablets and cellphones and other things. So it’s not
like you can steal from those other markets. You’re not going to take a $32
product and replace it with a $350 product. Can you do it at the edges of the
market? Sure. But the threat is capped by the amount of silicon available and
the price point for flash storage, which is still an order of magnitude
higher. Tagged with: Acer, Apple, Asus, components, Dell, drives, DVRs,
flooding, hard drives, Hewlett-Packard, HP, IBM, IHS ISuppli, iSuppli, Meg
Whitman, Michael Dell, Microsoft, natural disasters, notebooks, Oracle, PCs,
personal computers, Seagate, semiconductors, servers, set-top boxes, Seven
Questions, solid state storage, Steve Luczo, storage, supply chain, Thailand,
Tim Cook, Tony Prophet, Windows, Windows 8, workstations Apple Denies Working
with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm
PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT
CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version