WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Exclusive: Here’s What Hurd’s Actual HP
Expense Reports Say About Controversial Fisher Dinners December 30, 2011 at
10:27 am PT Tweet Share Print While much of the attention may focus on the
original letter written by Gloria Allred to Mark Hurd claiming a pattern of
sexual harassment of the marketing contractor Jodie Fisher, the fact remains
that he was fully exonerated of those allegations by an internal Hewlett-
Packard investigation conducted by the law firm of Covington & Burling on
behalf of HP’s board of directors. In fact, what got Hurd ousted from his job
as HP’s CEO on Aug. 6, 2010, were questions related to his expense reports. So
what do they show? AllThingsD has obtained some background notes that were
prepared in connection with the so-called Covington Report — which a Delaware
judge has ruled will remain under seal — delivered to HP’s board during the
summer of 2010. The one page of notes goes into some detail about the nature
of the four of Hurd’s expense reports that specifically name Fisher as having
been in attendance. This is a key detail because HP’s official reason, as
explained by then general counsel Michael Holston on Aug. 6, 2010, was that
Hurd’s expense reports were prepared in a way that “had the effect of
concealing Mark’s personal relationship with the contractor.” How might Hurd
have arguably used an expense report in this way? By leaving her name off of
reports claiming expenses for certain dinners. But here are four examples of
expense reports where Fisher was specifically named. By way of explanation,
mentions of “Fimbres” refer to Hurd’s assistant Caprice Fimbres, who had hired
Fisher in the first place. A third person is listed as being in attendance on
three of the four occasions. In one instance, it is Hurd’s assistant Fimbres,
who arranged the dinners — but might not, in fact, have attended. In another,
it is Denis Lynch, Hurd’s security guard, who also might have been nearby but
not at the actual dinner. In another, it is John Spires, but it is unclear
exactly who he is. (Note: The expense note could be referencing John Spiers —
spelled differently — who was CTO and founder of LeftHand Networks, which was
sold to HP in 2008; he is now CEO and founder of NexGen Storage.) September
12, 2007 — Fimbres later seeks reimbursement for “Dinner with HP Host for CEO
Events” for the night of September 12. Dinner was billed to Sullivan’s and the
listed attendees are Hurd and Fisher. Total reimbursed amount is $99.86.
October 26, 2007 — Fimbres later seeks reimbursement for dinner at the hotel
the night of Oct. 26 in the amount of $319.47. The listed attendees are Hurd,
Fisher and Denis Lynch (HP employee). July 30, 2008 — An expense report filed
by Caprice Fimbres shows a charge for “dinner with three people” — Fimbres,
Hurd and Fisher — in midtown Tokyo for $326.50. August 3, 2009 — A Fimbres
expense report shows a $347.42 charge for dinner at W Steak in Beverly Hills.
Listed attendees are Hurd, Fisher and John Spires. Stated business purpose is
“Dinner while in Los Angeles with HP Customer Roundtable Host,” and there is
the following expense comment: “High Cost restaurant although didn’t order
that much.” The first meeting mentioned in this group would appear to coincide
with a meeting in Denver described in the Allred letter. Fisher, as Allred
tells it, was being considered for a job, but the meeting “felt more like a
date.” HP has never disclosed the detailed accounts of the problems with
Hurd’s expense reports that led to his resignation, and probably never will.
Hurd was, after all, two CEOs ago now, and HP obviously has other priorities.
And Hurd is now co-president at Oracle, HP’s bitter rival. But these details,
if nothing else, raise some additional questions about the circumstances that
led HP’s board to conclude that it had lost its trust in Hurd. Tagged with:
board of directors, CEO, corporate governance, expense reports, general
counsel, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Jodie Fisher, Mark Hurd, Michael Holston, Oracle
Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am
PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December
30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December
30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped
Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by
Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version