Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How to Amplify Sporting
Sponsorships With Social Media Reading Time: 3 Minutes As the Super Bowl,
Winter Olympics, and March Madness quickly approach, tens of millions of
people will be glued to their screens, passionately cheering on their favorite
player, team, or home country. Other than the exuberant excitement that these
events cause, sporting events all have something in common — their
unparalleled viewership. In decades past, brands positioned themselves as
leaders by purchasing TV spots during popular sporting events. However, as the
cord-cutting phenomenon continues into 2018, the most disruptive change to
advertising to date has been the way users consume television content. For
example, 2016 was the first year that digital ad spend beat TV spend. This
significant change in the advertising landscape forced brands to innovate
their traditional methods to achieve digital brand recognition. As the impact
of digital marketing on consumers continues to grow, brands have begun to
realize that their sponsorship investments are producing diminishing returns.
While there is no doubt that sporting events will continue to drive high
viewership, brands need to now more than ever strategically integrate
sponsorship deals with their digital campaigns to deepen the effectiveness. To
achieve this omni-channel marketing approach, our team at Adaptly worked with
a major financial services company to amplify an official NFL sponsorship
through social media advertising. Adaptly brought the brand’s storytelling to
life by breaking down the walls between sponsor and consumer, delivering the
brand message to the right audience at the right time. Through Adaptly’s
partnerships with Facebook and Twitter, our team drove results for the
financial service brand’s real business objective: increasing brand awareness
by driving video views. During the 17-week NFL season, we deployed social
campaigns to coincide with game days and times. This strategic pulsing
strategy revealed the true power of social – the ability to track and analyze
60 million video views and engagements generated throughout the season.
Measuring the impact allowed the brand to analyze every dollar spent,
extending brand recognition to millions that a traditional sponsorship would
not have reached. The strategy across Facebook and Twitter took two forms:
proactive and reactive. On Twitter, we closely monitored weekly conversations
to keep the brand front-of-mind and engaged in any NFL-related conversations.
By implementing keywords to suppress bad sentiment, we ensured that our client
avoided association with any negative post-game conversations. This strategy
produced efficient results, generating over 35 million video views with a cost
per view (CPV) of $0.01. To proactively strengthen the brand’s digital
presence, we focused on their pre-existing influencer relationships on
Facebook. With the influx of interest in social influencers, advertisers have
several new ways to incorporate sponsorships into their overall marketing
strategy. Together with the brand, we decided to defy financial services
industry norms, bringing influencer marketing to the forefront of their
Facebook strategy. The Adaptly team worked closely with the brand to launch
the influencer campaign with a two-phase approach during the 2017 NFL
playoffs. To generate excitement, we first launched a teaser campaign to
promote the influencer post in which the brand was tagged. This teaser ad
format quickly sparked conversations and captured nearly 2 million
engagements. To maintain interest, we launched the branded content campaign
shortly after the teaser. This 7-day campaign served over 30 million
impressions across Facebook and Twitter, with a historically low CPV of $0.01.
Based on the interest in influencer posts on Facebook, Adaptly was able to
prove the value of influencer advertising strategies while positioning the
brand as an innovative leader in the financial services space. Even though we
are living in the digital age and the way that users consume TV has evolved,
it is still evident that live sporting events will continue to drive high
viewership. However, it’s clear that a simple product or logo placement will
no longer deliver brand recognition. To succeed in 2018, it is vital that
brands step beyond stadium walls, innovate their sponsorship strategies, and
bring conversations from the field to consumers’ hands via social advertising.
Jaclyn Stelter Media Manager Jaclyn started her career in digital media 3
years ago when she first moved to Chicago. Ever since, she has been executing
successful digital advertising campaigns and immersing herself in the emerging
industry trends. In her spare time, you can find her indulging in the
restaurant scene of Chicago. Office Chicago Share Categories Blog Back To Blog
> Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable
Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No
spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries
contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com
New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy
Contact