WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Microsoft’s Phone Efforts Move Into the Spotlight Wednesday
June 19, 2012 at 3:02 pm PT Tweet Share Print While Monday was a huge day for
Microsoft, thanks to the Surface tablet, Wednesday is also shaping up as a
pretty important milestone. The company is set to meet with developers to talk
about the future of Windows Phone, a future that will at long last bring its
phone, tablet and PC efforts closer together. Today’s Windows Phone 7 shares a
look and feel with Windows 8. But while some of the programming techniques are
similar, the two operating systems have been based on different core operating
system kernels. Windows Phone 7, though vastly different from the Windows
Mobile it replaces, is based on Windows CE, the software Microsoft once used
to take on the Palm Pilot. Windows 8, meanwhile, is based on the Windows NT
core that has powered every desktop operating system since Windows XP. With
the next version of Windows Phone, code-named Apollo, Microsoft is expected to
move the phone over to the NT core. Microsoft has yet to talk about Apollo,
but partners have spoken positively about the move both publicly and
privately. Verizon, which has largely eschewed Windows Phone 7, has said it
expects to do more work around future versions of the software. Ordinarily
this kind of switch would be a massive jolt to developers, but Microsoft may
have fewer challenges than in past operating system transitions. That’s
because Redmond never allowed developers to write Windows Phone 7 apps to the
kernel. Instead, developers wrote their apps either in Silverlight or XNA —
the tools used for the Xbox. That should mean that apps written for Windows
Phone 7 can continue to work in Windows Phone 8. But by moving to an NT
kernel, Microsoft should also make it easier for desktop developers to bring
their apps to the phone and for new developers to do work that can smoothly
operate across all of Microsoft’s different devices. The next step for Windows
Phone is critical. Although the design of Microsoft’s phone software has been
well received, the operating system has yet to enjoy the kind of sales
traction that Microsoft would like. Indeed, its market share has gone down in
the last year. Microsoft is set to make its case to phone developers at a
Phone Summit event in San Francisco. AllThingsD will have live coverage just
ahead of the event, which starts at 9 a.m. PT on Wednesday. Tagged with:
Apollo, metro, Microsoft, Nokia, Surface, Verizon, Windows 8, Windows Phone 7,
Windows Phone 8 Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws
to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon
DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT
BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker
December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version