WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl BlackBerry Reports Massive $4.4 Billion
Quarterly Loss, Inks a Deal With Foxconn December 20, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Tweet
Share Print BlackBerry, the troubled Canadian smartphone company, just
reported its quarterly results and, well, let’s just say its troubles aren’t
getting any smaller. Its loss, on a GAAP basis, came out to $4.4 billion on
revenue of $1.2 billion. That works out to a per-share loss of $8.37. The loss
was the result of a huge $2.7 billion charge against assets, and another $266
million restructuring charge. After backing out those charges, the company
lost $354 million, or 67 cents a share. It exited the quarter with $3.2
billion in combined cash and short-term investments. Sales fell by 56 percent
compared to the year-ago quarter. It sold 4.3 million BlackBerry devices
during the quarter. BlackBerry shares fell in pre-market trading by more than
five percent, to $5.94, after the news was announced. The shares have fallen
by more than 47 percent this year. John Chen, the new CEO who took over after
Thorsten Heins was fired, tried to set a positive tone in a statement: “We
have accomplished a lot in the past 45 days, but still have significant work
ahead of us as we target improved financial performance next year. However,
the Company is financially strong, has a broad and trusted product portfolio
to work with, a talented employee base and a new leadership team dedicated to
implementing our new roadmap.” The company also said it has cut a five-year
strategic partnership with Foxconn, the China-based contract manufacturing
giant that builds much of the world’s consumer electronics. Under the terms,
Foxconn will help BlackBerry develop new phones, build them and then manage
the inventory. The first target of the effort will be a phone aimed at the
Indonesian market. Chen said the deal would allow BlackBerry to “… focus on
what we do best,” meaning designing devices and building the software that
runs on them. BlackBerry had for years manufactured the majority of its
devices at plants in Canada, Europe and Asia, and outsourced some of its
production lines to third parties. Tagged with: ATD Facebook, BlackBerry,
Canada, earnings, Foxconn, John Chen, quarterly results, Research In Motion,
smartphones Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013
at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying
December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges
December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most
Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware
Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at
1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version