Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us our products
& services The wisdom of the immune system at work Adaptive is writing the
future of immune-driven medicine through our internal research and in
partnership with the larger healthcare community. With products and services
supporting life sciences research, clinical diagnostics, and drug discovery,
we are adding an entirely new dimension to the diagnosis and treatment of
disease – from cancer to autoimmune conditions to infectious diseases – in
ways that improve people’s lives. Life Sciences Research Clinical Diagnostics
Drug Discovery Life Sciences Research Pioneering new methods Using our
immunoSEQ Assays®, we and our partners can profile individual and collective
adaptive immune repertoires by sequencing T- and B-cell receptors. This
empowers researchers at hundreds of academic centers and pharmaceutical
companies around the world to enhance their study of disease and their drug
development efforts. immunoSEQ is also the foundation of our own proprietary
diagnostic and drug discovery applications. More on immunoSEQ Clinical
Diagnostics A new dimension of precision healthcare We are developing immune-
driven clinical diagnostics that improve the ways in which patients are
diagnosed with or monitored for disease. Our first proprietary diagnostic
test, clonoSEQ, is used by clinicians for the detection and monitoring of MRD
in bone marrow samples from multiple myeloma and B-cell acute lymphoblastic
leukemia (ALL) patients. It is also used by our pharmaceutical partners to
monitor response to innovative cancer treatments in clinical trials, and it is
the first-ever diagnostic assay powered by immunosequencing to be cleared by
the FDA. Visit clonoSEQ.com Learn about our innovative diagnostic pipeline
DRUG DISCOVERY Screening TCRs for immune-driven therapeutics Adaptive uses its
TCR discovery and immune profiling platform to collaborate in the development
of groundbreaking therapies in disease areas including cancer, autoimmune
conditions and infectious diseases. Our versatile screening platform combines
sequencing (immunoSEQ), T cell receptor (TCR) mapping (MIRA), and pairing
(pairSEQ) capabilities with advanced cellular immunology. This enables the
identification and selection of naturally occurring, potent TCRs for cellular
therapy, which are also likely optimized for safety. Additionally, Adaptive’s
TCR screening capabilities can be used for target validation to characterize
the immunogenicity of hundreds of antigens at a time to guide the design and
development of next-generation vaccines plus monitor early signs of antigen-
specific response in patients. More on cellular therapy More on vaccines
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses