WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher AOL
Layoffs Letter From CEO Randy Falco October 15, 2007 at 8:07 am PT Tweet Share
Print More to come on this story, but AOL will lay off 2,000 employees. Here
is the letter to AOL employees that went out at 11 a.m. EDT today from CEO
Randy Falco: Dear AOL colleague, Just over a year ago, AOL embarked on an
incredibly complex and significant transformation as we fundamentally shifted
our business model from a subscription-based ISP to an advertising-supported
Web company. Today, I want to give you an update on where we are in this
transition, and talk about further actions we’re taking and where we’re headed
as a company. When I came to AOL, I knew we had to take several steps to
complete our company’s transformation. We aggressively expanded our
advertising capabilities, building on the strength of Advertising.com and our
premium ad sales force. We acquired three leading-edge advertising
companies–ADTECH, Third Screen Media and TACODA–and formed Platform-A. AOL now
has one of the largest and most sophisticated ad networks in the world, and
we’re well positioned to compete where the ad market is heading. We rebuilt
and revitalized our key products, programming channels and platforms. And
unique visitors to AOL.com, News, Food, Money & Finance, TMZ, Moviefone,
MapQuest and many other sites are up. Our products are once again creating
buzz in the market. And to reach the widest audience possible across the Web,
we’re unbundling our products and programming so users can take them along
wherever they go online. Importantly, we’re taking the business global. We’re
extending AOL’s reach into seven new countries this year while globalizing our
product development efforts. By the end of next year, AOL will have a presence
in 30 countries. That’s a remarkable achievement in a relatively short period
of time. We refocused the business around three core areas–Platform-A,
Publishing and Access–and are now managing these as three distinct but related
components. Here’s why this is important. With Platform-A, we can offer
advertisers the most advanced set of solutions across our extensive network of
owned-and-operated sites and third-party sites. Publishing provides us the
products, programming and platforms we need to sustain a healthy owned-and-
operated network. And our Access business continues to be profitable,
providing us cash flow to invest in other areas of the business, and it’s an
important source of primary emails and page views. The last important piece in
this transition is the realignment of our costs against these three businesses
so we can operate as efficiently and effectively as possible. This is in many
ways the most difficult step, but a necessary one. As a part of this
realignment, tomorrow we begin a reduction in force that will, over the next
couple of months, affect a total of about 2,000 people out of our worldwide
workforce of 10,000. Everyone impacted by this reduction deserves our thanks
and respect for their contributions to the company. We will aid these
individuals in their transition to new opportunities as much as possible, most
importantly with what we believe are generous severance packages. This
realignment will allow us to increase investment in high-growth areas of the
company–as an example, we added hundreds of people this year through
acquisitions–while scaling back in areas with less growth potential or those
that aren’t core to our business, as we did with the sale of Tegic. So where
is this taking AOL? Put simply, my vision for AOL is to build the largest and
most sophisticated global advertising network while we grow the size and
engagement of our worldwide audience. We’re only a year and a month into our
transformation, and the turnaround has been dramatic. We’re now in a position
to win as an advertising-supported business. We have a bright future as a
company if we can execute on this vision. Randy Tagged with: AOL, BoomTown,
digital, Internet, Kara Swisher, layoff, Randy Falco Third Foxconn Worker Dies
Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at
10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie
“Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks
About $10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May
18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be
a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on
Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version