WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Our New Service Is Called
'Total Music,' but We Like to Refer to It Internally as 'Total Panic' October
12, 2007 at 9:07 am PT Tweet Share Print Doug’s a very special guy. He’s the
last of the great music executives who came up through A&R.; He’s old school.
I like him a lot.” –Apple CEO Steve Jobs on Universal Music Group CEO Doug
Morris The per-device royalties Universal Music Group receives for every Zune
player sold were apparently substantial enough to buy CEO Doug Morris a bigger
set of balls, because he’s out drumming up support for an industry-owned
subscription service with which he hopes to loosen Apple’s grip on the digital
music market. The endeavor is called “Total Music,” and Morris has already
approached Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group about
participating. His proposition: a subscription-based music service for the
hardware industry, one whose cost could be baked into the hardware that
supports it. Under the Total Music model, hardware makers subsidize the cost
of music, which consumers are then given for “free” when they buy a new
digital media player. That’s more money up front for hardware makers, but it’s
a wise investment because, as Morris reckons, they’ll make that money back and
then some by selling many more devices. Interesting business model. “If the
object is to wrest control of the market from Steve Jobs,” said Gartner
analyst Mike McGuire, “this is a credible way to try it.” Sadly for Morris,
it’s also one inevitably complicated by recent turmoil in the music industry.
With Radiohead releasing its latest album as a pay-what-you-will digital
download, Nine Inch Nails declaring itself a free agent, and Madonna about to
dump Warner Music Group for a concert promoter, we’re clearly seeing a sea
change in music discovery, distribution and consumption, one perhaps lost on
an industry so hardened by years of CD price fixing. So while the music
industry struggles so to wrest control of the digital music market from Apple,
some of today’s biggest popular artists are crafting an entirely new business
model. Tagged with: Apple, CD, digital, Doug Morris, download, hardware, John
Paczkowski, Madonna, music, Nine Inch Nails, Radiohead, Sony BMG, Steve Jobs,
subscriptions, Total Music, Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group, Zune
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version