WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Could a Settlement Between Intel and Nvidia
Happen Today? January 10, 2011 at 12:59 pm PT Tweet Share Print Something is
definitely going on between Intel and Nvidia, and it’s possible that a
settlement could be announced after the market closes today, sources said.
[UPDATE: Yes, they settled, in a new $1.5 billion licensing deal. Story to
come.] The two had been scheduled to go to trial in December in the Delaware
Chancery Court, but the parties agreed to reschedule that. Soon, word of
settlement talks surfaced. Still, as recently as last week, a source familiar
with the matter said a trial was on track for February. Now, other sources are
saying that may not be the case, which would suggest a settlement is imminent.
Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang declined to discuss the Intel dispute in an
interview with Mobilized’s Ina Fried at D@CES last week. The fight between the
two tech giants is over the terms of a 2004 agreement under which Intel
granted Nvidia access to some of Intel’s technology for use in its chipsets,
the chips that sit between the microprocessor and the graphics chip like
connecting tissue. The cross-licensing agreement allowed Nvidia to make
chipsets that were compatible with Intel microprocessors. Tagged with: Arik
Hesseldahl, Chancery Court, chips, chipsets, deal, Delaware, graphics, Ina
Fried, Intel, interview, Jen Hsun Huang, licensing, litigation, market,
microprocessor, Mobilized, NewEnterprise, Nvidia, reschedule, settlement,
technology, trial Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December
31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses
for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle
Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social
Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT
Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27,
2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version