WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Nokia to Apple: From Hell's
Heart I Stab at Thee March 29, 2011 at 8:55 am PT Tweet Share Print Nokia’s
obsession with Apple has officially crossed over into the Ahabian. Aghast at
the U.S. International Trade Commission’s ruling on its first complaint
against Apple, Nokia has filed a second, accusing Apple of infringing its
patents “in virtually all of its mobile phones, portable music players,
tablets, and computers.” At issue in the complaint are seven patents that
Nokia argues “are now being used by Apple to create key features in its
products in the areas of multi-tasking operating systems, data
synchronization, positioning, call quality and the use of Bluetooth
accessories.” Taken together with the IP cited in Nokia’s previous ITC
complaint and related cases in the U.S., U.K., Germany and The Netherlands,
the company has nearly four dozen patents in play in its suit against Apple.
“Our latest ITC filing means we now have 46 Nokia patents in suit against
Apple, many filed more than 10 years before Apple made its first iPhone,” Paul
Melin, Nokia’s VP of intellectual property said in a statement. “Nokia is a
leading innovator in technologies needed to build great mobile products and
Apple must stop building its products using Nokia’s proprietary innovation.”
Almost sounds like Nokia’s saying it invented the iPhone, doesn’t it? Which is
ironic, considering the company is on the record professing its fondness for
Apple’s handset. Asked once about the striking similarities between a
touchscreen device it was designing and the iPhone, Anssi Vanjoki, Nokia’s
head of multimedia devices at the time, replied, “If there is something good
in the world then we copy with pride.” PREVIOUSLY: Nokia Sues Apple Did Nokia
Sue Apple Before Apple Could Sue Nokia? Nokia’s New Focus Is Mobile Services?
Sure It’s Not Lawsuits Against Apple? Apple Countersues Nokia for Copying
iPhone (Plus Disputed Patents and Full Text of Counterclaim) ITC Investigating
Nokia Over Apple Patent Complaints and Vice Versa Nokia Accuses Apple of
“Legal Alchemy.” Stops Short of “Chymistry” and “Heresy.” Apple Vs. Nokia: The
Battle of Britain Apple Vs. Nokia: The Battle of Britain II ITC: Apple Did Not
Infringe Nokia Patents Tagged with: 5310, Anssi Vanjoki, Apple, Bruce Sewell,
complaint, coutnersuit, damages, design, digital, Digital Daily, E71,
features, games, GoPlay, GPS, handsets, hardware, infringement, innovation,
intellectual property, iPhone, iPod, John Paczkowski, lawsuits, legal fees,
mobile phone, models, music, Nokia, patented, patents, platform, S60,
software, suit, telecom, U.S. District Court of Delaware, user interface,
wireless Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December
30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013
Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry
Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO
Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version