WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Jennifer Valentino-DeVries, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal Q&A;:
WikiLeaks and the Future of Whistleblowing July 27, 2010 at 10:35 am PT Tweet
Share Print The disclosure of 76,000 reports on the war in Afghanistan by
WikiLeaks has set off a round of damage control by the White House. But what
does the release mean for citizen journalism online, and how does technology
play into such leaks? Digits spoke with Jonathan Zittrain, a law and computer
science professor at Harvard and one of the founders of Harvard’s Berkman
Center for Internet and Society, about technology’s role in facilitating the
release of information. Highlights of his responses are below. How does
technology help the distribution of this type of information? I think
technology in general facilitates the flow of information from one place to
the other. It’s pretty amazing that you have thousands of classified documents
released at once, and the government seems implicitly aware that they can’t
put the genie back in the bottle. The technology structure being used here is
not very advanced; it’s very Web 1.0. The fact that it can be mirrored and
remirrored makes a difference. But to actually get something out without being
traced is still difficult. Read the rest of this post on the original site
Tagged with: Afghanistan, Berkman Center for Internet and Society, digital,
Digits, frontpage, Harvard, Internet, Jennifer Valentino-DeVries, Jonathan
Zittrain, politics, The Wall Street Journal, White House, WikiLeaks Must-Reads
from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas,
Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to
Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton, Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My
Year With Google Glass Mat Honan, Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris
Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and
Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors, Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside »
About Voices Along with original content and posts from across the Dow Jones
network, this section of AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites —
pieces we’ve read, discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from
external sites are included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines.
We link to the original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly
labeled, so it’s clear that the content comes from other websites, and for
clarity’s sake, all outside posts run against a pink background. We also
solicit original full-length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions.
Read more » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon
Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering
a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version