WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski 50 Percent Chance Apple Will
Announce Tablet Next Month. 100 Percent Chance We’ll Keep Talking About
Tablet, Whether It Appears or Not. December 28, 2009 at 2:15 pm PT Tweet Share
Print Is Apple planning a special event for January? If so, what are the
chances it will feature this mythical tablet/slate device everyone’s jawing
about? In a research note this morning, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster
hazards a guess, putting the odds of the company hosting a special event at 75
percent and the odds that Apple (AAPL) will use the event to debut a tablet-
like device at 50 percent, with an eye toward a March release date. “Based on
new media reports of trademarks connected to Apple (iSlate, Magic Slate), and
our own conversation last week with with a Taiwanese component supplier, we
are reaffirming our expectation that Apple will likely ship a tablet device by
the end March,” Munster writes. “We believe there is a 75% chance Apple will
host a January event and a 50% chance it will be held to announce the tablet.”
And if Apple does announce such a device, what can we expect from it? Largely
what we’ve been hearing recently, says Munster, who outlined his own
expectations for an Apple tablet in another research note issued earlier this
month. “We expect the tablet hardware to be similar to an iPod touch but
larger (about 10″); we expect the key differentiator of the device to be its
software,” Munster wrote. “While there are several options ranging from a
touch screen Mac OS X to an iPhone-like OS,” the analyst elaborated, “we
expect the tablet to be driven by a new version of Apple’s iPhone OS that runs
a new category of larger apps alongside all the current apps from the App
Store. We believe Apple’s tablet would compete well in the netbook category
even though it would not be a netbook. Rather it would focus more on apps,
entertainment content (from the iTunes Store), and web surfing.” That would
make for a pretty compelling device at the right price point. Indeed, says
Munster, “we believe Apple could sell about 1.4m units if the tablet shipped
in March, adding 2 percent to revenue.” Tagged with: analyst, App Store,
Apple, apps, component supplier, digital, entertainment, Gene Munster,
hardware, innovation, iPhone, iPod touch, iSlate, January, John Paczkowski,
Mac OS X, Magic Slate, netbook, OS, OS X, Piper Jaffray, price point, release
date, research note, Slate, software, special event, surfing, tablet,
Taiwanese, touch screen, trademarks, Web Late Start May Be Tempering China
Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking
December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December
29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update
December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This
Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version