WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher What Do Rush and NPR Have in Common? Internet
Talk Radio Hub Stitcher Nabs $6 Million From Benchmark. April 6, 2010 at 4:30
am PT Tweet Share Print Online talk radio aggregator Stitcher nabbed $6
million from Benchmark Capital and will use the money to give radio
blabbermouth Rush Limbaugh, as well as the endlessly talking heads of National
Public Radio, even more digital distribution. The San Francisco-based start-up
often describes itself as the the Pandora of online talk radio. And like the
digital music site, Stitcher lets its users create and customize their own
free personalized talk/information/news radio stations. The site focuses
mostly on its apps for a variety of mobile devices, especially increasingly
popular smartphones. It offers programs from about a thousand different
sources, such as NPR, E! and The Onion. Stitcher also recommends new programs
to users based on their selections. The infusion of funding in a Series B
round led by Benchmark–whose partner, Bob Kagle, will have a seat Stitcher’s
board–will allow it to expand its advertising sales force and improve its
offerings, said CEO Noah Shanok in an interview with BoomTown last night. “The
hope for everyone in terrestrial radio is to find new audiences, so as we
grow, they will too,” said Shanok, who co-founded Stitcher in 2008. “We want
to be a part of everyone’s everyday life.” Shanok said fast-growing usage and
engagement–which he declined to give specifics about–was the reason Benchmark
was attracted to the company. The new funding adds to $3 million Stitcher
already raised from New Atlantic Ventures and investors Ed Scott and Ron
Conway, who also participated in the new round. While the mobile app on the
Apple (AAPL) iPhone is the most popular, Stitcher also offers software for
Research in Motion (RIMM) BlackBerry, Palm (PALM) Pre and Google (GOOG)
Android devices. Stitcher is also pushing into other areas, such as being part
of Ford’s (F) initiative to make its SYNC-enabled vehicles into Wi-Fi
hotspots, allowing people to connect to the Internet everywhere much more
seamlessly in a moving car. They will be available later this year. Here’s the
press release on the funding: Stitcher Secures $6 Million in Series B Venture
Funding Benchmark Capital Leads New Round to Help Transform the Way We Listen
to Talk Radio SAN FRANCISCO, CA. (April 6, 2010)–Today, Stitcher, a service
that allows users to customize talk radio programming on their mobile devices,
announced that it has completed its Series B round of financing. Led by
Benchmark Capital, with participation from previous investor New Atlantic
Ventures and tech veterans including Ed Scott and Ron Conway, the funding will
be used to further Stitcher’s product and platform development. Bob Kagle of
Benchmark will join Stitcher’s board of directors. “We know that people prefer
listening to news, talk and information programming when they’re on-the-go.
The rise of smartphones has finally created an opportunity to give people
exactly what they want to hear–on their commute, at the gym, on a road-
trip–wherever and whenever they want it and that’s exactly what Stitcher
does,” said Noah Shanok, CEO of Stitcher. “Benchmark’s funding, combined with
Bob’s guidance, will help us continue to take advantage of the growing market
for mobile content distribution.” Stitcher’s free service allows users to
create a personalized audio programming experience. With Stitcher, users can
listen to the news and talk radio shows they enjoy whenever and wherever they
like, using their mobile devices. Users choose their favorite programs from
more than a thousand different sources, and Stitcher then delivers the audio
feeds to their phone as a single, regularly updating radio station. Stitcher
also helps users discover new content on a variety of topics–including
business, sports, politics, entertainment, and current events–by recommending
additional programs based on the shows users have in their feeds. A single
radio station can include programming as diverse as Fox Headline News, NPR’s
Fresh Air, TechCrunch Headlines, Onion Radio News, and E!’s Hollywood Rap Up.
“Stitcher is transforming the way we all consume news, talk radio, pod casts,”
said Bob Kagle, general partner at Benchmark Capital. “Noah and his team are
building a platform that will deliver the personalized experience consumers
currently enjoy for music to the broader world of audio programming. We’re
thrilled to join the Stitcher revolution.” Tagged with: advertising,
aggregator, Android, app, Apple, audience, Benchmark Capital, BlackBerry,
board, Bob Kagle, BoomTown, California, car, customize, device, digital,
distribution, E!, Ed Scott, engagement, financial, Ford, funding, Google,
hardware, hotspot, information, Internet, interview, investor, iPhone, Kara
Swisher, music, National Public Radio, New Atlantic Ventures, Noah Shanok,
NPR, Palm, Pandora, Pre, press release, program, radio, Research In Motion,
Ron Conway, Rush Limbaugh, San Francisco, Series B, Smallbiz Feature, smart
phone, software, Start-up, Stitcher, Talk, telecom, terrestrial, The Onion,
usage, vehicle, Wi-Fi You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at
2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in
3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t
Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013
at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There’s a lot of attention and PR around Marissa, but their product
lineup just kind of blows.— Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the
September issue of Vogue Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version