Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Products For Finance For Sales For Workforce Active
Planning Licensing Technology Platform Nav Level 2 - Products - Active
Planning What is Active Planning? Costs of Static Planning The Hidden Costs of
Static Planning English, British – ANZ English, British – UK Almost every
department in your company depends on the latest technology to do their job…
except finance. You’re still working with the same tools and technology you’ve
been using for decades, like email and spreadsheets. In a rapidly changing
environment, with businesses growing at a faster and faster pace, finance
teams need the right tools to navigate change. Yet, by depending on email and
spreadsheets, most finance teams have long cycle times for building annual
budgets and forecasts. As a result, plans and forecasts quickly become out-of-
date and the manual effort consumes time you should be spending on valuable
analysis and business strategy. This results in a static plan—one that takes
too long to create, and doesn't support business growth. Static planning is
siloed planning with no source of truth or singular, trusted view of the
business. When you spend weeks to months building a plan that can't keep up
with the dynamic changes your organization faces, your time and effort is
invested in a model that can't guide your business forward, or help you to
course correct. While cheap in terms of direct costs, the costs in time and
labor, mistakes, and missed opportunities make static planning something your
business can’t afford. Static Planning is Costing You More Than You Realize
Siloed Planning Poor Collaboration Manual planning processes make it unwieldy
to pull together data, with multiple versions being emailed back and forth
leading to confusion and errors. Passing around spreadsheets is like a bad
game of telephone: it’s difficult to work in a collaborative and meaningful
way. Questionable Data Integrity Your forecasts are only as good as the
underlying data. But a manual spreadsheet process makes it difficult to know
who entered the data, where their numbers came from, and even which version of
data is the latest. Sharing duplicate copies of spreadsheets creates a
brittle, unreliable process for planning and forecasting. Brittle Models
Scalability Struggles Spreadsheets were not designed to support a growing
business. A small business can rely on spreadsheets for their finance
processes, but once your business starts to grow, you need to leverage tools
and processes that support dynamic growth. When it comes to scenario planning,
rolling forecasts, and visual analytics, spreadsheets won't cut it. Lack of
Data Visualization A static, manual process prevents you from easily and
quickly visualizing data or automatically creating dashboards for your team.
You end up having to manually recreate report elements over and over each time
something changes. While finance often prefers to view models through numbers,
teams beyond finance usually prefer data visualized in reports and dashboards.
Inefficient Processes Wasted Time Consolidating information from multiple
sources is a painful, time-consuming task. You spend so much time simply
gathering data that you don’t have any time to analyze it. Fewer Insights
Static planning forces finance teams to spend all of their time wrangling data
and ensuring accuracy, leaving little time to deliver the insights needed to
make finance a valued partner in the planning process. More time in the weeds
of the model means less time seeing the bigger picture and focusing on
strategy. Missed Opportunities With less time to develop insights, poor
collaboration, and a lack of uniform trust in the plan, companies with static
planning miss out on important opportunities while making choices based on
incomplete information. It's Time to Move Away From a Static Planning Process
All these hidden costs force you to compromise between getting a plan just
right and just getting it done. As a result, static processes lead to static
plans that act as a mere guidepost instead of a business-driving engine. The
plans lack buy-in and quickly fall out of date, leading to finance struggling
to be a strategic leader on par with other departments in the company. To meet
the needs of today’s fast-paced, highly-distributed dynamic industries, you
need an active planning process that’s collaborative, comprehensive and
continuous. Active planning requires a solution that is easy, powerful, and
fast. Learn more about active planning The Hidden Costs of Static Planning
That CFOs Need to Know NowDownload NowThe Goldilocks Budget: Best practices
for developing a “just right” budget for your businessDownload Now5 Steps to
Getting Your Business on Board with Rolling ForecastsDownload NowWant to see
what active planning looks like? Live Weekly Demo On-Demand Demo Footer Menu
Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance for Sales Technology Platform
Licensing Footer Menu Col 2SolutionsChallenges Need Industry Business Size
Footer Menu Col 3Customer SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional
Services Training & Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu
Col 4LearnCFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics
Videos Webcasts White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events
Webinars Footer Menu Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom
facebook linkedin twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights
reserved. Privacy Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite
200, Palo Alto, CA 94303 Watch Demo Free Trial Contact Us ×Close