WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Announcing Our New Conferences: Dive Into Mobile
and Dive Into Media May 30, 2012 at 8:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Tickets for
this week’s D: All Things Digital sold out months ago. But it’s not too late
to get in on the upcoming D action. We’re continuing our series of focused
conferences with two events in the coming months. First up is D: Dive Into
Mobile, The Global Edition, on Oct. 29 and 30 in New York co-chaired by
AllThingsD Senior Editors Liz Gannes and Ina Fried. Following our fantastic
2010 Dive Into Mobile conference, the 2012 version will explore the concept of
“mobile first.” For billions of people, the first computing device they own —
and perhaps the only — will be a smartphone. Even in the developed world,
where computers are ubiquitous, the phone is taking on an increasingly
important role as the device people have at their side nearly 24 hours a day.
Once an afterthought, companies are now focusing on designing their mobile
services first and only later translating them for a PC. Among the great
lineup of speakers are Nokia CEO Stephen Elop, Android chief Andy Rubin of
Google and Mozilla CEO Gary Kovacs. We’ll have many more speakers to announce
in the coming months. Next up will be the second edition of D: Dive Into
Media, which is again being produced by Senior Editor Peter Kafka. The first
Dive Into Media conference featured entertaining, insightful interviews with
leaders from old and new media companies, from Viacom’s Philippe Dauman to
Twitter’s Dick Costolo, along with media creators like Neil Young. They’re all
trying to figure out how to respond to, grapple with and harness the changes
that technology brings to the media business every day, and they’ve all got
different answers. We’ll ask a different star-studded cast to tackle the
topics this time around, but we’ll come back to the same sparkling location:
The amazing Ritz-Carlton Laguna Niguel in southern California, on Feb. 11 and
12. More information here. And, of course, if you want to know about
everything you are missing at D10, this week we’ll have complete coverage here
at AllThingsD including blogs, photos, videos and stories. Tagged with: D: All
Things Digital, D: Dive Into Media, D: Dive Into Mobile, Ina Fried, Laguna
Niguel, Liz Gannes, New York, Peter Kafka, Southern California You Say Goodbye
and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference
Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24
pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT D: Dive Into Media All D Conferences
Coverage About Conference App Live Stream Location Media Photo Gallery
Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Dive Into Media (2012) Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe I have yet to test a single one that works well.— Walt
Mossberg responds to Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen’s claim that there will be 130
million phones running Flash by the end of the year AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version