WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Tricia Duryee eBay’s John Donahoe Seeing a “Staggering Surge” in
Mobile Shopping July 18, 2012 at 5:38 pm PT Tweet Share Print EBay has revised
its mobile revenue figures, once again. In what is becoming a routine move,
the company said today during its second-quarter earnings release that it is
now expecting eBay and PayPal mobile to each transact $10 billion in volume
this year. “That’s more than double 2011,” said eBay’s CEO John Donahoe, who
called it “a staggering surge” in mobile commerce that did not exist just a
few years ago. As recently as January, eBay was predicting that mobile
shopping — either through its apps or the browser on either a phone or tablet
— would hit $8 billion in mobile gross merchandise volume in 2012. Likewise,
PayPal was expected to hit another $7 billion in mobile total payment volume.
Last year’s numbers were similarly revised multiple times before the end of
the year, when eBay’s final mobile tally stood at $5 billion and PayPal’s
totaled $4 billion. “The line is blurring between online and offline, and that
behavior is happening because of the investments we have made in mobile,” he
said. As part of the company’s second-quarter conference call, analysts
peppered Donahoe with questions about whether these sales were incremental to
the company’s traditional business. However, he dismissed those fears; if
someone wants to buy a car part while under the hood or while walking down the
street, they better let them. “We believe it is helping our growth rate and
helping us be the leader in mobile commerce and payments,” Donahoe added. It’s
hard to say which retailer is a leader in mobile. Others, such as Amazon, have
been reluctant to disclose how much traffic is coming from mobile devices.
Donahoe said there are obvious leaders, like Amazon and eBay, but beyond that
he questions if other retailers are doing significant revenue on mobile. “If
you think of it as an app-based world, we aren’t going to carry around a
Neiman Marcus app and a Walmart app and a Best Buy app. By being a
marketplace, it’s a single app that gives you access to a lot of things.
That’s why we are getting viral traction on it.” Just yesterday, eBay
announced it acquired Card.io for an undisclosed price. The year-old company
allows users to skip the tedious process of entering their credit number into
various fields at check-out by taking a picture of the card. With that
technology under its belt, Donahoe said you can envision a world where you
take a snapshot of a credit card and a driver’s license to create a PayPal
account. “Consumer acquisition leads to user engagement, which leads to
merchant ubiquity,” he said. Other figures released today: eBay apps have been
downloaded 90 million times, up from 65 million in January. People are using
the apps to list almost two million devices every week, and a handbag is
purchased every 30 seconds. Tagged with: analysts, applications, Card.io,
earnings, eBay, M&A;, mobile commerce, mobile payments, PayPal Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version