WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Yahoo Announces Next Gmail
Feature August 27, 2007 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print Yahoo finally beat
Google to something. It brought its email client out of beta before Gmail.
This morning Yahoo officially relaunched Yahoo Mail, ending a two-year public
test of the Web-based email service that began in September 2005. Its overhaul
completed, Yahoo Mail is no longer just a Webmail client, it’s a “social
communication” tool. “Our goal is to make (Yahoo) Mail a more social
experience,” John Kremer, vice president of Yahoo Mail, told Reuters. “We
really look at ourselves as sitting on top of the largest dormant social
network out there.” To that end, Yahoo Mail now boasts SMS (short message
service) support, offering its users the ability to send text messages to
cellphones. It’s the first free Web-based email service to offer that feature,
and it’s almost certainly starting a trend by doing so. Notes Paul Ruppert,
founder of mobile-market consultancy Global Point View, SMS usage is
exploding: “The future of mobile messaging with over 3 trillion text messages
annually would logically seem well secured,” he wrote in a post to Mobile
Messaging 2.0. “A well of demand currently from 2.1 billlion users globally is
not going to dry up over night. Plus, all the trends are upward. There is
revenue and SMS usage growth in even the most mature country markets such as
the U.K. Message-dense nations with high percentages of young populations,
mostly in Asia, continue to come online to mobile. Even in markets like the
U.S., which lagged in embracing the ease and power of texting and seemingly
preferred email and instant messaging, text messaging has become an intimate
aspect of daily lives, especially for those 15 to 25.” Tagged with: Gmail,
Google, instant messaging, John Paczkowski, short message service, SMS, Yahoo,
Yahoo Mail Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders
December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49
am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT
BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am
PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05
pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version