WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Laptops Consider Your Needs, Then Use This Guide to
Buying a Laptop April 10, 2008 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » For years, I have focused my twice-a-year computer buyer’s guides on
desktop PCs, with less-frequent columns focusing on laptops. Now that the
latter are outselling the former, though, I am going to center my main buying
guides on laptops. Many of the specs I recommend will also apply to desktops.
As always, this is a general guide aimed at mainstream, nontechnical consumers
who dwell on common tasks such as email, instant messaging and surfing the
Web; managing and lightly editing photos, videos and music; and using basic
office applications. It is not intended for heavy gamers, video producers or
corporate buyers. There’s a vast variety of laptop models, but this guide is
meant to cover the most common types of laptops, those with screens from about
12 inches to 17 inches, and weights ranging from around 2.5 pounds to 7
pounds. For this column, I’m not including the category of tiny machines now
called netbooks, with screens under 10 inches. I am also ignoring the huge,
heavy laptops with screens larger than 17 inches that are primarily aimed at
gamers. Even the remaining mainstream machines range wildly in price, from
bargain-basement models at $350 to high-end ones that can top $3,000. In my
experience, the top brands for technology and reliability are Apple and
Lenovo‘s ThinkPad line, but various models from Sony, Hewlett-Packard, Toshiba
and Dell are also worth investigating. So, here is a quick guide to the key
factors you should consider when buying a laptop. Size: If you are a constant
traveler, think about the subnotebook models, which generally weigh 3 pounds
or less. There are two types of these. The classic subnotebook has a small
screen, 12 inches or less, and a cramped keyboard. This year, a new type
emerged, with a full keyboard and a normal 13.3-inch screen packed into a
thin, light body. There are two of these: the MacBook Air from Apple and the
Lenovo ThinkPad X300. All subnotebooks are relatively costly, typically
ranging from $1,500 to over $3,000. If your laptop will mostly stay at home,
the office, or in class, a 5-7 pound machine with a screen of either 13.3
inches or 15.4 inches is the best bet. A well-equipped model in this class is
likely to run you between $800 and $1,200. Typical models in this class are
the Dell Inspiron 1525, the HP dv6700 and the Apple MacBook. Windows vs. Mac:
This is the eternal question. In my view, Apple’s Leopard operating system is
faster, better and far less prone to malicious software than Microsoft’s Vista
operating system. And the Mac laptops also come with better built-in software.
The $1,099 MacBook is a solid, fairly priced machine, and the $1,999 MacBook
Pro is even better. Both also can run Windows. But Windows laptops are often
less expensive, tend to have a greater variety of ports and slots, and come in
more styles and sizes. Apple’s MacBook Operating system: If you are buying a
Windows laptop, be aware that Vista is slower than Windows XP, in my
experience, and still has compatibility issues with add-on hardware and
software. If you’d prefer to stick with XP, you will find that many fewer
models are available with it. And Microsoft has decreed that after June 30,
mainstream, name-brand laptops will no longer come pre-equipped with XP.
Video: I recommend getting an LED-powered screen, which is brighter and saves
power. Also, if you are choosing Vista, or if you do a lot of converting video
for use on portable devices, consider getting a laptop with a separate video
card inside that has its own memory. Memory: If you’re buying an Apple laptop,
two gigabytes of memory is plenty. If you’re using Vista Home Premium, I’d
consider three gigabytes for best performance. Processor: Any dual-core
processor will be fine. Don’t pay a penny extra for faster processor speed.
Storage: In a mainstream laptop that will be your main computer, look for a
160-gigabyte hard disk or larger. A new kind of storage, called SSD, or solid
state disk, is now available. But it is still way too costly for most users,
and at the moment is available only in smaller capacities. Battery life: Many
laptops today rarely spend time away from an electrical outlet. But if yours
will, look for a battery life of at least three hours between charges.
Wireless: Make sure your new laptop has the new, faster “N” version of Wi-Fi
built in. Many cheaper laptops don’t. You can also get a cellphone modem built
in, but they are costly and carry a monthly fee. You can always add an
external cellphone modem later. Other features: A built-in camera and
microphone can be quite useful, and so can a feature on some Windows machines
that allows you to play music and videos without fully booting up the
computer. Don’t let yourself be swayed by sales pitches, or by fanaticism for
or against Windows or the Mac. Think hard about how you use your computer and
what your budget will allow, and stick to those priorities. Email me at
mossberg@wsj.com. Find all my columns and videos online, free, at the new All
Things Digital Web site, http://walt.allthingsd.com. Tagged with Apple,
application, battery life, camera, cellphone, Dell, desktop, dual core, email,
gamer, gigabyte, hard disk, hardware, Hewlett-Packard, Home Premium, HP,
Inspiron, instant messaging, keyboard, laptop, LED, Lenovo, Leopard, MacBook,
MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, mainstream, memory, microphone, Microsoft, modem,
music, operating system, PC, photos, port, processor, screen, software, Sony,
SSD, storage, subnotebook, ThinkPad, Toshiba, video, Vista, Web, Wi-Fi,
Windows, wireless, XP Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17,
2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at
6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT
Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at
Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives
AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine
Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version