WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Beth Callaghan 173 posts and columns on Beth Callaghan All Writers
Kara Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina
Fried Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie
Cha Jason Del Rey Voices Say It Loud: ATD Relaunches the “Voices” Section Kara
Swisher in News on April 23, 2012 at 6:04 am PT Today, we relaunch a fresh,
new “Voices” section to bring you even more writing and information from
outside sources. Offering six regular features, Voices will be run by senior
editor Beth Callaghan. News Byte I Hope You Know This Will Go Down on Your
Permanent Record Beth Callaghan in News on April 14, 2011 at 11:44 am PT When
it comes to copyright protection, YouTube has long had a policy of suspending
users with three uncontested notifications of infringement. Until now.
Starting today, offending users will instead be required to attend “YouTube
Copyright School,” which consists of an online tutorial and quiz that must be
completed successfully before more uploads can be made. Users with past
strikes can also endeavor to have them removed via copyright school, but, as
with all things regarding permanent records and the powers that be,
forgiveness of past behavior is not guaranteed. News Byte Google Domains for
Iraq and Tunisia Beth Callaghan in News on March 31, 2011 at 12:28 pm PT
Google announced two new localized search domains today, for Iraq and Tunisia.
The search giant’s regional domains provide people within a given area with
locally relevant results and in their preferred languages. Google now has a
total of 184 local search domains worldwide. News Byte Facebook Removes "Third
Palestinian Intifada" Page Beth Callaghan in News on March 29, 2011 at 11:41
am PT Facebook removed a page today titled “Third Palestinian Intifada” after
a direct appeal to CEO Mark Zuckerberg by Israeli Cabinet Minister Yuli
Edelstein. The page started out as a call for peaceful protest but had
devolved into direct calls for violence by the page creators and its more than
350,000 fans, according to Andrew Noyes, Facebook’s public policy
communications manager. News Byte Facebook Co-Founder Eduardo Saverin Leads
Funding for Jumio Beth Callaghan in News on March 17, 2011 at 12:36 pm PT
Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin, whose version of the company’s early
history informed the plot of Aaron Sorkin’s “The Social Network,” and who
still owns five percent of the company, is putting that stake to work. He just
led a $6.5 million round of funding in online and mobile payment service
Jumio. Saverin, who lives in Singapore, will also join the company’s board and
work on its entrance into the Asian market. News Byte Nvidia CFO David White
Resigns Beth Callaghan in News on March 15, 2011 at 2:20 pm PT Nvidia
announced late Tuesday that CFO David White has resigned for personal reasons.
He’ll remain at the company until May 31, and controller Karen Burns will
replace him as interim CFO. News Byte A Totally Metal Town Hall Beth Callaghan
in News on February 22, 2011 at 1:58 pm PT And they said rap metal was dead.
Today at 3 PST, Southern California band Linkin Park will join U.N. Secretary-
General Ban Ki-Moon for a live Town Hall event on Facebook designed to update
and engage people around the ongoing rebuilding efforts in Haiti. Linkin Park
has a charity, called Download to Donate, that benefits five organizations
working in Haiti. News Byte Twitter Restores Two UberMedia Apps Beth Callaghan
in News on February 20, 2011 at 7:27 pm PT Twitter has given the all clear to
two of the UberMedia apps it shut down Friday morning. UberSocial for
BlackBerry, the app formerly known as UberTwitter, is back on, as is Twidroyd,
No word on yet UberCurrent, Uber’s iPhone app, which Twitter also put in the
penalty box three days ago. UberMedia has just finished raising a $17.5
million funding round, and plans on buying TweetDeck, yet another Twitter
client, for $30 million in cash and stock. News Byte New Version of Twitter
for Android Beth Callaghan in News on February 10, 2011 at 2:35 pm PT
According to a post on Twitter’s Web site, six months ago, Twitter for Android
didn’t rank among the top 10 Twitter apps. But usage has doubled in the last
couple of months, and now it’s in the top five. Accordingly, the company is
launching a new version of the Android app that looks and feels more like its
other official apps and offers design improvements, along with username auto-
completion and universal search. News Byte 3-D Network to Launch on DirecTV
Beth Callaghan in News on February 10, 2011 at 11:35 am PT A new 3-D
television network called 3net is set to launch Sunday on DirecTV. It’s the
first distribution deal for the network, which is a joint offering from Sony,
Imax and Discovery Communications announced in early 2010. 3net will reach 18
million homes in the U.S., and will debut with two original 3-D shows Sunday
night, “China Revealed” and “Forgotten Planet.” RealNetworks Lays Off 10
Percent Illegal Immigration? There's an App for That. QOTD: Let Them Eat
Facebook! News Corp. Appoints New CTO, President of Technology Former Googler
Adam Smith Takes Off for AOL Ventures TheWrap Announces Acquisition of
ItsontheGrid.com SAP Reports 27 Percent Revenue Increase, Still Owes Oracle
Salesforce Acquires Dimdim Walt and Katie's CES Plan of Attack (Video) Beth
Callaghan in D at CES, January 5, 2011 at 11:21 am PT Court Undoes Microsoft
Win in Patent Case EA Announces Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12–No "Hot Coffee" Mod,
Though WikiLeaks App Removed by Apple "The Social Network" Sweeps National
Board of Review Awards China's Baidu Launches Its Own Version of Groupon
WikiLeaks Leaves Amazon, Returns to Sweden Page 1 of 712345Next...Last
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version