Media Like “Sharknado,” but Bigger: Facebook Has Five Times More TV Chatter
Than Twitter Published on July 23, 2013 by Peter Kafka For the past couple of
years, Twitter has been making a very big deal about TV and Twitter’s value to
the TV Industrial Complex: Promote your shows on our service, Dick Costolo and
company tell the TV guys, and people will talk about your shows on our
service, and we’ll get you more eyeballs and help you keep the ones you have.
This seems to go over well with the TV guys and their advertisers. Which is
why it’s curious that Facebook hasn’t been making the same argument. After
all, lots of people talk about TV on Facebook, too, right? Yes, they do. And
now we’re getting the first inkling of a TV push from Facebook. This comes
from a new study from social TV tracker Trendrr, which looked at Facebook TV
chatter for a week in May, using data that isn’t normally available to the
public. Trendrr’s conclusion: Facebook has five times more TV-related activity
on its site than Twitter and every other social network combined. Trendrr’s
work comes with some caveats — for starters, it’s only measuring a week — but
it’s not surprising. After all, Facebook has a billion users to Twitter’s 200
million, so that 5x ratio makes plenty of intuitive sense. The more
interesting point is that Facebook said it’s going to start talking about all
those TV talkers, sharers and thumbs-uppers. “The reality is that a
conversation is taking place around TV on Facebook at unprecedented scale,”
said Justin Osofsky, Facebook’sÂ director of global media partnerships. “It’s
important thatÂ we helpÂ networks and advertisers understand the full level of
engagement people have with TV content on Facebook. We’re just getting started
and are committed to providing more insight into how people are talking — and
how much they’re talking — about TV shows on our platform.” Trendrr said that
Facebook TV talkers also behave differently than those on Twitter (the other
“social TV” services have very little traffic to speak of). For instance,
there is more chatterÂ about comedies, Spanish-language programming and dramas
on Facebook, Trendrr said. Love to see the “Sharknado” numbers. Return to:
Like “Sharknado,” but Bigger: Facebook Has Five Times More TV Chatter Than
Twitter URL: http://allthingsd.com/20130723/like-sharknado-but-bigger-
facebook-has-five-times-more-tv-chatter-than-twitter/ Brought to you by The
Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.