WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Facebook Tries Another Twitter-Like Move September 9,
2013 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print Here’s the latest Twitter-like move from
Facebook: Two new data feeds that are supposed to make it easy for outsiders
to tell what people are talking about on Facebook. The idea: If, say, CNN
wants to tell its viewers what people are saying on Facebook about Syria or
Miley Cyrus, it can easily pop up data points and/or interesting “public”
Facebook commentary on the screen. Facebook has previously worked with TV
programmers and others to do this sort of stuff as one-offs (like during the
last presidential election). Now it’s dedicating two APIs for that purpose, so
its partners can grab this stuff quickly. For now, Facebook is only opening up
the APIs to a handful of TV networks and programmers, including CNN, BuzzFeed,
NBC and Slate. Mass Relevance, which makes a living sorting through social
media data streams, will do the sorting on this one. The big picture is that
this is part of Facebook’s ongoing push to grab some of the “real-time
conversation” market away from Twitter, which has had a lot of success
convincing TV programmers and others that it’s the place to go to see what
people are saying right now, about whatever. Facebook won’t come out and say
that in those words, of course. It prefers to talk about “surfacing
conversations that are already happening” on the site, which isn’t incorrect.
But, for various reasons, it hasn’t concentrated on that very much in the
past. That has started changing in the last few months, both in private
conversations with media partners, and via public moves. Some of the stuff in
the latter category: Chest-beating about all the TV chatter that happens on
Facebook — supposedly at a higher volume than it does on Twitter — and a
series of new tools that ape stuff that Twitter already has, like hashtags and
“trending topics” call-outs on the site. All of this is is very much top of
mind at Twitter, which is both sensitive about the fact that Facebook is
headed its way, and dismissive of its efforts to date. One big mantra you hear
from Twitter people is that the company does a much better job of creating
conversation about a thing that is happening at this very moment;
conversations on Facebook, it argues, are much more diffuse, and hard to
follow. Facebook’s counter to Twitter’s counter is that its conversations mean
more because people sign on to Facebook using their real names, and the site
knows a lot about who they are and who they like. Tagged with: advertising,
APIs, ATD Facebook, BuzzFeed, CNN, Comcast, Facebook, NBC, Slate, Time Warner,
trending topics, Twittera Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch
TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT
(Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy
Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm
PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter
White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version