WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski The Apple Tablet Is Delayed?
So What? November 19, 2009 at 5:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print Apple has
reportedly decided to postpone the launch of its rumored tablet/slate until
the second half of 2010. That’s the latest rumor from the occasionally
reliable Digitimes, which claims that the device’s original March 2010 debut
target became untenable after some component changes. The report, should it
prove true, will no doubt be a disappointment to overanxious tabletites
awaiting the mysterious device’s arrival, but really, that’s immaterial to
Apple (AAPL). In the end, a six-month delay is simply six more months of rumor
and speculation with which to build the bonfire of publicity that will erupt
when (and if) the tablet/slate arrives. Moreover, the tablet market is a
nascent one; it’s not as if Apple is losing market share to its rivals by
delaying entry. It’s best, then, for the company to take it’s time and uncrate
the tablet/slate when confident that it has everything right. As Piper Jaffray
analyst Gene Munster wrote in a research note to investors Thursday, “the
exact timing is irrelevant given Street models do not currently reflect the
tablet, expectations for actual units in 2010 are low, and investors focus is
more on whether the tablet is real and less on timing.” Munster, it’s worth
noting, envisions Apple’s tablet/slate as a $500-700 device about three times
the size of the iPod touch. “We expect the tablet hardware to be similar to an
iPod touch but larger; we expect the key differentiator of the device to be
its software,” Munster writes. “While there are several options ranging from a
touch screen Mac OS X to an iPhone-like OS, we expect the tablet to be driven
by a new version of Apple’s iPhone OS that runs a new category of larger apps
alongside all the current apps from the App Store. We believe Apple’s tablet
would compete well in the netbook category even though it would not be a
netbook.” Tagged with: 2010, App Store, Apple, Apple Tablet Feature, apps,
delay, digital, Digitimes, Gene Munster, hardware, innovation, investors,
iPhone, iPod touch, John Paczkowski, Mac, market share, netbook, OS, OS X,
Piper Jaffray, research note, rumor, Slate, software, tablet, touch screen
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version