WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Seven Questions for Mike Gregoire, CEO of
Taleo December 7, 2011 at 6:29 am PT Tweet Share Print Suddenly Taleo is the
company that everyone is talking about. In the wake of Saturday’s acquisition
of SuccessFactors, the cloud-based maker of human resources software, by the
business application giant SAP, no fewer than five different financial
analysts have suggested that Taleo, a SuccessFactors competitor, is likely to
be the next company to be taken over. The most likely buyer, everyone has been
saying, is the software giant Oracle. Taleo’s CEO, Mike Gregoire, has been in
this position before. As executive vice president of Global Services for
PeopleSoft, he lived through Oracle’s hostile acquisition of that company. In
an interview with AllThingsD, he didn’t comment directly on the speculation
that Oracle might make a bid — Oracle hasn’t hasn’t said anything on the
subject, either — but it was clear that he didn’t exactly seem to relish the
thought, either. Having run $2.3 billion of PeopleSoft’s $2.7 billion in
revenue, he was with that company “until the bitter end,” he told me. After a
stint as an angel investor and sitting on the boards of a few companies,
Gregoire decided he was “more of an operational guy.” He joined Taleo and took
it public in 2005, and has been at its helm since then. Taleo was at that time
the second cloud-based software company to go public after Salesforce.com. It
was so early for software-as-a-service (SAAS) companies, where customers pay a
subscription fee to use the application, that when he approached banks for
some financing, upon hearing the word “subscription” they would initially
compare it to a magazine. Eventually they understood, and Gregoire got his
loan. Now some of those banks are his customers. Cloud-based enterprise
software companies are suddenly hot acquisition targets. Aside from the SAP-
SuccessFactors deal, Oracle acquired RightNow in October. As a growing cloud-
based rival to SuccessFactors, with a protein-rich customer base, a solid
operating model and an affordable market capitalization of about $1.6 billion,
Taleo’s shares have shot up on speculation that it could be next. On Dec. 2,
the day before the SuccessFactors deal, Taleo shares closed at $32.96. On Dec.
5, the first trading day after the deal, Taleo rose almost 20 percent to
$39.50. The move by SAP — long a vendor of traditional on-premise business
software — to embrace the cloud-based or SAAS model is an important
acknowledgement that the business of selling business software is
fundamentally changing, Gregoire says. Indeed, it’s a fact that SAP’s co-CEO
Bill McDermott acknowledged even before bidding on SuccessFactors. And it’s
hard to argue that Taleo (pronounced Ta-LAY-oh) isn’t making an impressive
showing. The company has been growing its sales at between 17 and 20 percent
since since 2008, and it’s on track to hit $325 million in sales this year, up
from $237 million last year. It has 5,000 customers, including 180 of the
companies on the S&P; 500, and its product is available in 38 languages.
Naturally, my first question for Gregoire was about his thoughts on the
SuccessFactors deal. AllThingsD: Mike, it has been a busy few days since the
SAP-SuccessFactors deal was announced. What did you think of the deal? And
what, if anything, does it mean for Taleo? Gregoire: I think it started a few
weeks earlier, with the Oracle RightNow deal. It’s a confirmation that the on-
demand model is moving into the next phase of its adoption. We’ve got 5,000
customers. We’ve been the No. 1 on-demand player in the enterprise. No one has
as many Fortune 100 customers as we do. We drive the second-largest number of
transactions volume of any on-demand player. It kind of felt like we had been
pushing this rope, trying to get people ready for that next phase of adoption.
So Oracle and SAP are acknowledging that the on-premise solution is running
out of gas, and they need to augment that solution with some off-premise cloud
solutions. Second, it’s important that SAP has recognized that talent
management is extraordinarily important, and it complements a back-end
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. Taking care of people helps your
company grow, and without it, your company is at a competitive disadvantage. A
lot of people look at the the phrase “talent management” and think it’s kind
of specious — or even boring — software that only the human resources office
needs. What does it mean? If you want to talk about an application that moves
the needle for business performance, there’s nothing better. The No. 1 expense
in businesses is people. We see the news about the unemployment rates, and
then we see that companies can’t hit their productivity goals because they
don’t have the right people in the right jobs. Its absolutely crazy. That’s
the problem we solve. Talent management is about getting the right people into
your company, having them work on the right things, because you’ve got
performance goals, measuring those goals, tying that to pay-for-performance
and compensation. And, by the way, the chances that person has the right
skills at the right time is about zero, so you want to tie those goals to a
learning management system, and making that happen in real time, and then
providing intelligence about the whole ecosystem of employees. That moves the
needle with respect to business performance. What’s a classic example of this
software in action? I’ll talk about SunGard, which is a customer of ours. They
use an Oracle ERP system, and they use our learning management systems. Let’s
say you’re a SunGard sales rep and you just got promoted. The day that your
promotion goes through in the ERP system, it kicks off a transaction in our
learning system that checks your history to see what courses you’ve taken and
whether you’ve got all the certifications you need. And then it automatically
builds out the courses you need to take to be successful in your new job. We
also do succession planning. And the days when you’re only going to consider
people inside your company are over. You’ve got to think broader than that.
United Airlines, which is a customer, when they think of succession planning,
they’re not only thinking about the 200 high-potential individuals within the
company. They’re talking to people in the industry so they can take a look at
the people inside and outside the company and consider different scenarios.
Our application is graphical, so you can drag people around in a visual tree
and see what each scenario looks like. And then you can save them for later,
so that if someone gets promoted, fired, or leaves the company for another
job, you’ll know what to do, should any of those three things happen. Most
people do this sort of thing in their heads. How do you think Taleo stands up
against SuccessFactors competitively? Going forward, we’ll have to see how
that works out. [With] due respect to what I’ve read about the deal in the
press, I don’t think the integration with SAP is going to be a walk in the
park. There’s at least seven platforms in SuccessFactors. And in this deal,
you have two companies who have struggled to do SAAS at scale. SAP doesn’t
have a very good track record executing on SAAS. They spent a lot of money
building Business ByDesign. Rumor has it that SAP spent as much as $500
million building it. Their track record has been very marginal. The same is
true with SuccessFactors. They’ve done a good job with one product that’s on
an old platform for between 5,000 and 10,000 employees. They don’t have a good
track record in the upper end of the enterprise, and they haven’t been able to
get revenue from outside of their core, which is performance management. They
went and bought a company in learning management. We’re dominant in
recruiting; they’ve been trying to build a recruiting engine for five years. I
don’t know that they have any significant reference customers on that yet, but
they should have some soon, because they’ve been at it for so long. So why did
SAP buy SuccessFactors, then? Was it for the customer base? SuccessFactors has
a pretty small customer base. We’ll know more after they publish the 10-Ks and
10-Qs, so we’ll see more of where the synergies really are. But the synergies
that have been reported is they want to be able to take the SAP technology and
repurpose it into the SuccessFactors stack, which sounds expensive and time-
consuming, and then take that stack and combine it with Business ByDesign and
compete with Workday. We work pretty closely with Workday, and often go in
with them shoulder to shoulder on deals when a customer needs recruiting and
learning. And they use our recruiting products. So, let’s handle this one
piece of business. I’ve seen no fewer than five analyst reports saying you’re
going to get taken out by Oracle. Have you been contacted by Oracle, or anyone
else, about a possible acquisition? We don’t comment on that kind of
speculation. But a first-year MBA student could connect those dots. We’re
positioned to be the only independent full-suite SAAS player in the market
right now, and that’s a good place to be. How everyone reacts to that, I can’t
control. But we’re on track to do $325 million in revenue this year, and we’re
growing at about 20 percent per year. We have 12 percent operating margins.
Who else has that? We’ve not only figured out how to do SAAS at scale, but
we’ve done it profitably. And we continue to innovate. That’s where we want to
be. What are your priorities for 2012? Three things. Selling back into our
customer base. Most of them came to us for our recruiting heritage. If you
take a look at last quarter alone, 36 percent of our net new bookings were in
products other than recruiting; we’ve been reporting that number every
quarter. So there’s a big push to sell our other products into our existing
customer base. Second is geographical expansion. We bought a company in France
that effectively doubled the size of our European salesforce. Despite what you
hear going on Europe, they are not going to spend as much on technology in
2012 and 2013. If they are going to spend any money, it’s not going to be on
upgrades of perpetual software licenses. I think they will spend it on SAAS,
and I think Europe is generally way behind on SAAS. If I were to tell you our
biggest deal last quarter was going to be a seven-figure deal with a Swiss
bank, you would have said I was crazy, and that it would never happen. But it
did. The reason it happened is that SAAS is orders of magnitude cheaper than
paying maintenance fees on perpetual software licenses. The same thing
happened with Société Générale, the French bank, which stopped an upgrade of
either Oracle or SAP midstream, and they went with us. There is definitely
room for SAAS in Europe, and there will be more room for SAAS in Europe in
2012; I think we’ll be a net beneficiary of that. Third is innovation, both
organic and inorganic. We’ve been acquisitive, and every transaction we’ve
done has been accretive and has worked out well. We’re good at either buying
technology or customer bases and integrating them very quickly. Organically,
we’ll be doing a lot of work on mobile and social features. Tagged with:
Business ByDesign, cloud, cloud computing, enterprise software, human capital
management, human resources, Mike Gregoire, Oracle, SAAS, Salesforce.com, SAP,
Seven Questions, SuccessFactors, talent-management, Taleo, Workday Apple
Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You
Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013
at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013
at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology
of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-
Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version