Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets
Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts White Papers Adaptive
Insights Blog Learn Go deeper into topics that take business planning to the
next level FP&A; Glossary The quintessential source for FP&A; definitions and
examples relevant to the corporate finance community Financial planning and
analysis (FP&A;) is a core function of corporate and organizational finance
whose responsibility it is to understand an organization's current financial
situation and have a reasoned approach to predicting future financial
performance. It must have the systems of measurement, data, process, and
reporting capabilities to provide strategic advice to the CFO and other
business leaders who are making important decisions with a financial impact to
the organization. Below is a list of terms and their definitions commonly used
by FP&A; professionals. Accounting Close (Close, Monthly Close, Close Process)
Accounting Close, otherwise known as "close," "monthly close," and "close
process," is a monthly deadline after which no further entries can be made to
accounts. . After accounting officially closes the month, FP&A; kicks off its
process of reporting and analysis. Accounts Payable (AP) Accounts Payable (AP)
is a company's obligation to pay off its short-term debt to creditors.
Accounts Receivable (AR) Accounts Receivable (AR) is money owed to a company
from sales that have been made but not yet paid for. Accounts Receivable
Turnover Accounts Receivable Turnover is a metric that measures how
efficiently a company is using its assets by looking at how many times per
year a business will collect its average value of accounts receivable. Accrual
Basis Accounting Accrual Basis Accounting is an accounting method where
revenue is recorded when it is earned and expenses are reported when they
occur, regardless of when cash is paid. This results in an income statement
that more effectively measures the profitability of a company during a
specific time period. Acid Test Ratio (Quick Ratio) Acid Test Ratio (Quick
Ratio) is an indicator of whether an organization has enough short-term assets
to cover immediate liabilities. The quick ratio can be calculated by dividing
liquid assets (assets that are cash or easily converted into cash) by the
value of all current liabilities. Active Planning Active Planning is a dynamic
and pro-active budgeting process that is collaborative, comprehensive, and
continuous. An active planning process provides greater visibility into
business performance, builds confidence in the numbers, enables data-driven
decisions, and increases buy-in and accountability throughout an organization.
Active planning requires planning software that is easy, powerful, and fast.
Without all three factors, you'll need to settle for a static plan that is
perhaps outdated, inaccurate, or lacks buy-in from others. Activity-Based
Budgeting Activity-Based Budgeting (ABB) is a method of budgeting that
determines which activities incur costs, the relationship between them, and
how much of the total budget should be attributed or allocated to each
activity. Activity-Based Costing (ABC) Activity-Based Costing (ABC) is a
method of assigning costs, typically within manufacturing organizations, to
products, services, or customers based on the activities that go into them and
the resources consumed by those activities. Activity-Based Planning Activity-
Based Planning (ABP) is a business planning strategy that identifies the type
and amount of activity needed to efficiently produce a desirable level of
goods and services. Actuals Actuals refers to actual numbers experienced
through some point in time, as opposed to numbers that are budgeted or
projected into the future (e.g., year-to-date sales, expenses, units shipped,
etc.). Allocated Costs Allocated Costs are expenses that usually come from
overhead that must be shared across multiple cost centers or departments. The
company determines its own method to allocate or assign portions of those
costs to each cost center and/or account that will need to absorb those
expenses. Examples of allocated costs might include utility expenses,
facilities costs, and IT services. Allocations Allocations are the
distribution of revenue or expenses across various departments, divisions,
regions, etc. Annual Report (10-K) An Annual Report is a yearly record of a
company's operations that includes a balance sheet and income statement.
Annual reports are distributed to shareholders and can also be known as a
10-K, the name of the filing that is made to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Appropriation Request An Appropriation Request is a formal
request for a significant amount of money to start a project, typically for a
capital investment. Balance Sheet A Balance Sheet is a statement that
summarizes all of an entity's assets, liabilities, and capital at a given
point in time. It's one of the three main financial statements, along with the
cash flow statement and income statement. Before-Tax Profit Margin Before-Tax
Profit Margin is a company's ratio of pre-tax income to net sales. The higher
the pre-tax profit margin, the more profitable the company. Benchmarking
Benchmarking is comparing the financial metrics and ratios of an organization
to a similar set of industry peers. Break-Even Analysis Break-Even Analysis is
an analysis used to determine the point at which sales of a product or service
would cover all expenses but make no profit. Business Intelligence Business
Intelligence is a set of concepts, methods, and tools that enable efficient
discovery and analysis of data with the goal of making more effective and
insightful business decisions. Capital Budget A Capital Budget is an
organization's expected capital expenditures for a given time period. Capital
Expenditures Capital Expenditures (CAPEX) is the amount of money used to
acquire, maintain, or improve fixed assets or other assets that provide long-
term value, such as land, buildings, and equipment. The company will spread
the recognition of those costs over the useful lifetime of the new or improved
assets through amortization or depreciation. Different asset classes have
specific rules about determining their useful life and classification,
following GAAP standards. Capital Rationing Capital Rationing is a way of
restricting the number of new investments undertaken by a company by imposing
a higher cost of capital for investment consideration or by establishing a
maximum for portions of a budget. Capitalization Definition 1: Capitalization
is the sum of an organization's stock value, long-term debt, and retained
earnings. Definition 2: Capitalization is the process of expensing the cost of
an asset over the life of that asset, instead of when the expense was paid
for. Capitalization Ratio The Capitalization Ratio compares long-term debt
with long-term debt plus shareholders equity in order to measure how well an
organization's debt can support operations and growth. This is the primary
measure to understand how leveraged a company is with its debt structure. Cash
Budget Cash Budget is a summary of an organization's budgeted cash inflows and
outflows during a specific time period as well as its anticipated cash and
loan balances. Cash Conversion Cycle The Cash Conversion Cycle is how long it
takes for a company to convert resource inputs into positive cash flows. The
cash conversion cycle measures the length of time that each net dollar worth
of input is tied up before it is converted into cash. For example, how long
does it take from a dollar being spent on raw materials to be converted into a
finished product, sit in inventory, and finally be turned into a sale to a
customer? Cash Flow Forecast A Cash Flow Forecast is a process for predicting
an organization's cash inflows and outflows for a future period. Cash Flow
From Operations Cash Flow From Operations is the net amount of cash generated
by a company that is solely related to core operations of the organization.
Cash flow from operations does not include any non-operational items such as
the sale of investments, securities, financial instruments or other fixed
assets. To calculate cash flow from operations, add EBIT (earnings before
interest and taxes) and depreciation, subtract taxes and include the change in
working capital. Cash Flow Statement A Cash Flow Statement provides a summary
of the cash generated or used by a company in a given period of time. It's one
of the three main financial statements, along with the balance sheet and
income statement. Cash Flow Break-Even Point A Cash Flow Break-Even Point is
the point at which revenue equals fixed and variable costs so that the sum of
cash inflows and outflows equals zero. Common-Size Analysis Common-Size
Analysis is a way to show all values as a percentage of a total value to allow
for easy comparison between companies or between time periods of a company.
For example, R&D; or sales and marketing can be shown as a percentage of
revenue. Consolidation Consolidation is the aggregation of financial
statements from separate companies of a group as if they were a single entity.
This is most commonly associated with the financial close process of a
company. Corporate Performance Management (CPM) Corporate Performance
Management (CPM) is a category of finance and analytics software that tracks
and measures the financial and operational key performance indicators of an
organization. One benefit of CPM software is its ability to streamline all
aspects of financial data analysis, budgeting, forecasting, building
dashboards, and making more informed decisions. CPM is also known as
enterprise performance management (EPM) and business performance management
(BPM). Cost Allocation Cost Allocation is the assignment of a shared cost to
several cost centers. For example, a company might allocate or assign the cost
of an expensive computer system to the three different departments in the
company that use the system. Cost Center A Cost Center is a part of an
organization, often a department, that does not directly add to profit but
still incurs expenses and needs money to operate. Cost centers contribute to
generating revenue indirectly, unlike a profit center, which contributes
directly to generating revenue from its actions. Cost of Capital Cost of
Capital is the rate of return that investors could have earned by investing
the same funds in a different investment with an equal level of risk. It is a
measurement of the opportunity cost of an investment. Cost Volume Profit
Analysis (CVP) Cost Volume Profit Analysis (CVP) is a way to determine how
many units of a good must be sold in order to break even or make a profit.
Costs of Goods Sold (COGS) Costs of Goods Sold (COGS) is the total cost that
an organization incurs to produce and sell a product or service to a customer
for a given time period. For example, the COGS of an item would include the
cost of selling an item such as a salesperson's commission, not just the cost
of acquiring raw materials and manufacturing. Counterparty Risk Counterparty
Risk is the risk to both parties that one side will not pay as contractually
obligated or fulfill other requirements agreed to in a contract. Customer
Relationship Management (CRM) Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is the
collection and analysis of customer information intended for sale, marketing
and customer service, which helps companies to understand and support existing
and potential customer needs. A CRM system is software that manages, tracks,
and stores interactions with customers and their account histories in one
centralized location. Debt Equity Ratio The Debt Equity Ratio is a measure of
how much debt a company is using to finance its assets relative to the amount
of capital contributed by shareholders. The debt equity ratio can be
calculated by dividing a company's total liabilities by stockholder equity.
Debt Ratio The Debt Ratio is a financial ratio that compares a company's total
liabilities to its total assets to measure the amount of leverage a company
has. It can be used to determine how solvent a company may be and how well it
can cover its debt and expenses using its existing assets. Discounted Cash
Flow (DCF) Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) is an attempt to bring all estimated,
future revenue and expenses to terms using present-day value. This is
typically a data point in an overall project viability analysis and is useful
for determining how attractive a potential investment is. This varies company
to company but is a very common methodology to evaluate projects across a
company's portfolio of projects. Driver-Based Planning Driver-Based Planning
is a method of planning where financial performance is forecast based on
variables and formulas within models that influence and have a significant
impact on an organization's key financial results. Earnings Before Interest
And Taxes (EBIT) Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) is a measure of an
organization's profitability before taking into consideration interest and
taxes. Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization
(EBITDA) EBITDA is a common accounting measure of a company's earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. EBITDA can be used to analyze
and compare profitability and performance between companies and industries
because it eliminates the effects of financing and accounting decisions.
Economic Attributes Framework The Economic Attributes Framework is a
methodology to assess the creation of value, at an industry level, by looking
at the particular characteristics of high-level economic factors such as
demand, supply, marketing, and financing. Effective Corporate Tax Rate (ETR)
Effective Corporate Tax Rate (ETR) is the average percentage of pre-tax
profits that an organization has paid in taxes. To calculate the ETR, simply
divide pre-tax profits by the amount paid in taxes. Enterprise Resource
Planning (ERP) Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) is a category of business
software that typically integrates the core functions of accounting, human
resources, and manufacturing to centralize information across an organization
and improve efficiency. Many ERP vendors offer additional areas of support to
additional departments beyond those core functions (such as logistics, CRM,
and reporting) but often do not match the capabilities or sophistication of
purpose-built (also known as best-of-breed) software applications. Event Risk
Event Risk is the possibility that an unexpected event, like a natural
disaster or large outside investment action (such as a takeover), will hurt a
company's ability to meet its financial obligations. Expected Value Expected
Value is the value of a project or investment that is estimated by adding up
different sums of possible outcomes multiplied by the probability of each
outcome. It is a common method for incorporating risk measurements into the
estimated returns for an investment. Expenses Expenses are the cost an
organization incurs as a result of doing business. There are various buckets
of expenses including: fixed and variable, direct and indirect, and operating
and non-operating expenses. Financial Close Financial Close is a financial
process when all related financial transactions have been completed and all
associated accounts have been finalized. After financial close, there should
be no further adjustments, and those metrics can be reported with confidence.
Also see Accounting Close. Financial Plan A Financial Plan is a financial
model that describes and predicts an organization's current and future
financial state by using known variables and assumptions to predict future
asset values and cash flows. Financial Reporting Financial Reporting is the
process of presenting information about an entity's financial position,
operating performance, and cash flow for a specified period. In the case of
public companies, this can involve the creation and disclosure of regulatory
documents like the 10-K (annual report) and 10-Q (quarterly report). Fiscal
Year (FY) A Fiscal Year (FY) is a 12-month period used for accounting purposes
and in preparation of financial statements. The fiscal year is determined by
the organization and may or may not be the same as a calendar year. The IRS
(Internal Revenue Service) gives organizations the option to pay their taxes
based on either the calendar year or their fiscal year. Fixed Asset A Fixed
Asset is a long-lived asset or property that is used in the production of
goods or services and cannot easily be converted into cash (illiquid). A fixed
asset may be land, buildings, equipment, or machinery. There are other types
of fixed assets that are not directly tangible such as patents, trademarks,
and brand value. Fixed Cost A Fixed Cost is a cost that does not change no
matter the increase or decrease in the amount of goods or services produced
and/or sold. This is the opposite of a Variable Cost. Forecasting Forecasting
is a process used to project future revenue and costs based on past, present,
and estimated changes in financial data and conditions. Forecasting is a core
process of FP&A;, where companies regularly try to estimate the future
financial situation of their organization to inform decisions about the
accumulation and allocation of capital. Free Cash Flow Free Cash Flow is used
to measure a company's financial performance by looking at how much cash it is
generating. It can be calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from
operating cash flow. Free cash flow is a tremendously useful measure for
understanding the true profitability of a business. It is harder to manipulate
and it can tell a much better story of a company than more commonly used
metrics like net income. Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) Full-Time Equivalent (FTE)
is a measure of hours worked by one employee on a full-time basis. For
example, two contractors each working 20 hours per week would be the same as
one FTE (assuming a 40-hour work week). General Ledger (GL) The General Ledger
(GL) is an accounting record used to track and summarize all financial
transactions within an organization. Increasingly, general ledgers are moving
to cloud-based software so that users can access the information at any time
and more easily integrate with other transactional systems. Governance
Governance is a system of rules and practices established to ensure
accountability, transparency, and fairness with all stakeholders involved in
an organization or project. Corporate governance most often refers to the
governance process overseen by an organization's board of directors. However,
governance is often applied across many aspects of an organization such as the
governance of a large IT project or other significant investment. Gross Profit
Gross Profit is the profit a company earns after the direct (variable) costs
associated with manufacturing, distribution, and sale of the product are
deducted. It is calculated by subtracting the cost of goods sold (COGS) from
the company's total revenue and does not take into account indirect costs such
as taxes, interest on debt, or other overhead expenses. Gross Profit Margin
Gross Profit Margin (aka Gross Margin) is the ratio of gross profit to
revenue. It is a measure of the potential profitability of an item by looking
at how much additional profit is earned with each additional dollar of revenue
earned. Gross Sales Gross Sales are the total amount of revenue generated by
all sales activity in an organization. Human Capital Management (HCM) Human
Capital Management (HCM) is a philosophy that views employees as assets and
seeks to acquire, train, manage, and retain those assets in such a way that
they can provide future benefits and efficiencies to the organization. HCM
software is available to automate or enhance HR functions like payroll,
training, talent management, and succession planning. Intangible Assets
Intangible Assets are non-physical assets like corporate intellectual
property, goodwill, trade secrets, and brand recognition that are considered
useful beyond one year. Interest Coverage Ratio The Interest Coverage Ratio
measures whether a company is able to meet the interest payments needed to
service its debt obligations. To calculate interest coverage ratio, divide
interest expenses by EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) for a given
period—usually one year. Internal Rate of Return (IRR) Internal Rate of Return
(IRR) is a measure to determine the estimated return of an investment compared
to an organization's cost of capital. It states the interest rate an
investment would need to have to break even with the present value of all
projected cash flows for a project. If the IRR is positive, the project
exceeds the risk-adjusted cost of capital. If it is negative, it doesn't reach
the risk-adjusted cost of capital (and you'd usually be better off making a
different investment). Investing Investing is the act of using funds as
efficiently as possible with the goal of achieving maximum returns. Key
Performance Indicator (KPI) A Key Performance Indicator (KPI) is a metric used
to measure factors that are pivotal to the success of an organization. KPIs
for every business may be different, but they will be the most important
metrics that indicate the performance and health of an organization. Often
these KPIs are collected together in the form of a dashboard that is
distributed to key stakeholders, using data visualization software. KPIs are
normally tracked over time to observe trends and compare with an
organization's plan for expected performance. Lagging Indicator A Lagging
Indicator is an activity or event that, when measured, is a good indication of
past (usually economic) activity. It can only be gauged following the
completion of the activity or event. For example, salary growth is considered
a lagging indicator of economic growth because it typically only happens after
growth has occurred in an economy and there is increased demand for labor,
which puts upward pricing pressure on wages as competition increases for
limited labor resources. Leading Indicator A Leading Indicator is an activity
or event that, when measured, is a good indication or signal of future
(usually economic) activity. For example, the value of stocks in the stock
market is often seen as a leading indicator because stock share prices are
based on the estimated future earnings of a company. A rising stock price is a
leading indicator of expected future growth for that firm. Long-Term
Liabilities Long-Term Liabilities are the financial obligations (usually
debts) of a company that will not be paid within one year. Long-Term Assets
Long-Term Assets are assets that cannot be converted into cash within one year
of the balance sheet date. Examples of long-term assets are multi-year leases
on property, real estate holdings, long-term securities, and factory
equipment. Modeling Modeling is the process of simulating the effect of
specific variables on a financial outcome to improve financial decisions. This
is a critical part of driver-based forecasting, where the core elements of a
business process are used to model and estimate the future performance of that
business function. Modified Cash Basis Accounting Modified Cash Basis
Accounting is a hybrid accounting methodology that combines elements of both
accrual-based and cash-based accounting. The cash basis is used to record
short-term items when cash changes hands. Long-term balance sheet items such
as long-term debt and fixed assets are recorded using the accrual basis, with
depreciation and amortization accrued over time. Net Income Net Income is an
organization's income minus the total costs of doing business (direct,
indirect, capital, financing, and depreciation), expenses, and taxes. This is
how much the company has earned after taking into account all aspects of the
organization, both operational and non-operational. Net Income Before Tax
(PBT) Net Income Before Tax (aka Profit Before Taxes or PBT) is a company's
profits before having to pay corporate income tax. It can be calculated two
ways: 1) Sum all revenues from every source and subtract all expenses except
for taxes or 2) Take net income and add in the corporate income tax paid. Net
Present Value (NPV) Net Present Value (NPV) is a measurement used to determine
the profitability of an investment or project. It is calculated by subtracting
the present value of future cash outflows from the present value of future
cash inflows. To calculate the present value of the cash inflows and outflows,
you need to apply a discount rate. There are many ways to represent this
formula but a common one is NPV = PV(inflows) - PV(outflows). Operating
Expenditures (OPEX) Operating Expenditures (OPEX) are the ongoing costs of
doing business, such as salaries, utilities, commissions, employee benefits,
and inventory. These are expenses where the full value of the expense is
recognized at the time the expense is incurred. This is different from CAPEX,
where the value of the expense is capitalized and depreciated or amortized
over the useful life of the good or service acquired. Operating Profit Margin
Operating Profit Margin (aka Return on Sales) is the amount of revenue
remaining once all variable costs of production, distribution, and sales are
paid for. Operating profit margin can be used to measure how efficiently a
company operates by looking at how much profit each dollar in sales generates.
To calculate the operating profit margin, divide the operating profit by the
total amount of net sales for a given period. Overhead Costs Overhead Costs
are the indirect costs and all other fixed expenses related to the cost of
doing business that cannot be traced directly to the manufacture of a product
or delivery of a service. Typically, overhead costs are allocated to a
project, product line, department, or business unit. Period Period is a
specified duration of time covered by a financial statement or
report—typically a month or quarter for internal statements and reporting, and
a year for external statements. The period in a financial statement will
usually be in terms of the fiscal year of an organization (rather than a
calendar year). Period Costs Period Costs are any costs that cannot be
attributed to a particular product or inventory. A period cost is charged to
an expense account during the period it was incurred and is typically included
within the selling, general, and administrative (SG&A;) expenses section of
the income statement. Porter's Five Forces Model Porter's Five Forces Model is
a macro-level analytical framework that attempts to understand external forces
as they relate to competition in an industry. The forces are: threat of
substitution, threat of entry, supplier bargaining power, buyer bargaining
power, and level of rivalry among competitors. The model was developed in 1979
by Michael E. Porter, a professor at Harvard University. Present Value (PV)
Present Value (PV) is the current worth of a future sum of money or stream of
cash flows that are discounted by an expected rate of return (usually the cost
of capital). The higher the discount rate, the lower the present value of the
future cash flows. Pro Forma From the Latin meaning "for the form," a Pro
Forma is a financial report or statement that combines historical values with
estimates of future or hypothetical events and conditions. It works as a what-
if or simulated type of financial report. Pro forma reports are often done to
try to understand the possible impact of future events on the financial
performance of an organization. Profit And Loss Statement (P&L;) A Profit and
Loss Statement (P&L;) is a financial statement that summarizes financial
performance by showing revenue, costs, and expenses incurred during a
specified period of time. Also known as the income statement, the P&L;
statement is one of the three primary financial statements that public
companies must issue to shareholders and regulatory agencies. In business, a
"P&L;" sometimes means someone has operational and financial responsibility
for a department, product line, or other area of the business that has a
responsibility to generate revenue for the company. Profit Center A Profit
Center is a department, area, division, or group within a business that is
responsible for generating profits from its own operations. It is measured as
if it were its own business within the company and measures its revenues,
expenses, and profit separately. The leader of a profit center normally has
budgetary control and discretion to do what is necessary within the profit
center to deliver profits to the company. Profitability Analysis Profitability
Analysis can be divided into two types of reporting that focuses on how
effectively a project, product, or company generates profit. Internally,
profitability analysis will look at the underlying segments or factors that
are the primary drivers of profitability. For example, you may do
profitability analysis to determine which type of customer is the most
profitable to your company. Externally, profitability analysis uses various
ratio measurements comparing a firm's profits to its revenues, assets, and
level of investment. This allows you to determine how efficiently a company
generates profits compared to others or its opportunity costs. Profitability
Ratios Profitability Ratios are a set of ratios used to measure how
effectively a company can generate revenue against expenses, financing, and
other relevant costs. The most common profitability ratios are: Return on
Assets (ROA) Return on Equity (ROE) Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) Net
Profit Margin Gross Margin Ratio Qualitative Evaluation Qualitative Evaluation
is a method of evaluating investments using soft metrics and intangibles
instead of modeling and measurements. For example, you may evaluate a
potential project by analyzing how well it aligns with a company's core
competency rather than only looking at the projected financial returns of the
project. Required Rate of Return (RRR) The Required Rate of Return (RRR) is
the minimum allowable return an investor would accept from an investment in a
project or company. If the expected return from an investment is below the
RRR, the prospective investor would not make the investment. To calculate the
RRR, investors normally add an expected risk premium to the current interest
rate of a risk-free investment (U.S. Treasury bonds). Research and Development
(R&D;) Research and Development (R&D;) are expenses within a company that are
associated with the creation and improvement of products and services, based
on research, experimentation, and their application to anticipated customer
needs. R&D; expenses appear on the income statement and are subtracted along
with selling, general, and administrative expenses from gross income to
calculate operating income. Retained Earnings Retained Earnings are the value
of income generated by a company that are not redistributed back to
shareholders. Instead, they are kept by the company to pay off debts or to
reinvest back into the business. Retained earnings are a component of
shareholder equity that appears on the balance sheet statement. Return on
Assets (ROA) Return on Assets (ROA) is the measure of how profitable an
organization is relative to the resources being financed by debt and/or
equity. ROA is calculated by dividing net income by total assets. Return on
Capital Employed (ROCE) Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) is the measure of
the efficiency and profitability of a company's capital investments. ROCE is
calculated by dividing EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) by the value
of total assets less current liabilities. Return on Equity Return on Equity
(ROE) is the profit generated on shareholders' equity, which measures how
efficiently an organization provides returns from a shareholder perspective.
ROE is calculated by dividing net income by shareholders' equity. Revenue
Revenue is the amount of money a company receives for goods or services
rendered during a specific period. It is also known as "sales." While some
people may use the term "income" to mean this as well, in a financial analysis
context, "income" normally refers to the value that remains after some or all
expenses have been removed from the value of sales. Risk Appetite Risk
Appetite is the level and type of risk that an organization is willing to
accept in order to achieve its financial objectives. Risk Formula Risk Formula
measures the probability of an event and its consequences by multiplying its
asset value by threat rating and vulnerability rating. For example, if a
scenario has a 10% chance of occurring and would cost the company $100,000,
the risk for that event would be 10% x $100,000 = $10,000. Risk Management
Risk Management is the practice of identifying, evaluating, quantifying, and
managing an organization's risks. Risk management acknowledges that risk can
never be fully eliminated. Instead, it must be managed so that an organization
minimizes any unnecessary risks and only incurs risk as part of a sound
decision-making methodology. Rolling Forecast A Rolling Forecast is a core
component of a continuous planning process. Rather than only looking through
the end of the current fiscal period or year, a rolling forecast will forecast
out a set number of time periods, such as 12-18 months, into the future. Most
rolling forecasts focus on key business drivers instead of including every
possible line item that might appear in a traditional budget. Rolling
forecasts are well suited for improving agility and accuracy in decision-
making for a company. Scenario Planning Scenario Planning is a method of
planning that analyzes the outcomes of a financial model based on the
application of different circumstances to the model. Scenario planning is very
helpful in conducting what-if analyses and better understanding the
sensitivity of a model to changing inputs or assumptions. Scope Scope is the
output, schedule, and resource boundaries associated with a project. Projects
are often challenged with scope creep, where boundaries of the project are
expanded to include additional requirements. Selling, General, and
Administrative Expenses (SG&A;) Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses
(SG&A;) are all costs, with the exception of interest and income taxes, not
associated with the production and distribution of a good or service.
Sensitivity Analysis Sensitivity Analysis is a method to test and evaluate how
much the outcome of a model will change based on variability in an input or
set of assumptions used in the model. This method is helpful and used with
scenario planning and what-if analysis to understand how wide the range of
outcomes could be for a project or the financial performance of an
organization. Statement of Shareholders' Equity Statement of Shareholders'
Equity is a financial statement that details the changes in shareholder equity
due to net income, dividends paid, or the repurchasing of stock. Static
Planning Static Planning is a traditional approach to budgeting, forecasting,
and modeling. It's a process that results in plans that often lack buy-in,
have inaccuracies, and quickly fall out of date. Organizations with static
planning often struggle to meet the strategic and dynamic needs of an
organization to drive better financial performance. Statutory Tax Rate (STR)
Statutory Tax Rate (STR) is the charge imposed on the taxable income of a
corporation, which is equal to gross income minus any deductions for labor,
materials, and the depreciation of capital assets. Strategic Plan A Strategic
Plan is a plan that defines the goals and objectives of an organization and
establishes direction on how to achieve them within a set period of time. Top-
Down Budgeting Top-Down Budgeting is a method of budgeting and planning where
a high-level budget is created and then the amounts are allocated to
individual functions or departments. Each department is then tasked with
creating a detailed budget using its allocated amount of funds. Top-Down
Budgeting is often applied when the finance department or executive staff has
a specific revenue or profitability target they must meet and they want to set
the budget based on that target. Trial Balance Trial Balance is a method for
reviewing the values at the end of a period in a double-entry accounting
system. Trial Balance combines the total of all debits and credits, and under
correct conditions, the total value is zero. If the trial balance is not zero,
an error has occurred in the journal entry system. But just because a trial
balance is zero, it does not mean that the journal is error-free; it only
means that all debits and credits combined equal zero. Unallocated Costs
Unallocated Costs are excluded from the calculation of COGS (cost of goods
sold). They are the costs not directly nor indirectly associated with the
production, sale, or delivery of a good or service. Value Driver Tree A Value
Driver Tree (aka DuPont analysis) is used to tell managers where a company is
losing or generating value. It looks like a flowchart, and begins with a top-
level value metric such as ROE and then breaks down the ratios and
calculations into successive steps and components that identify the underlying
drivers of value in an organization. Value Drivers Value Drivers are the
actions, processes, and results that deliver value to an organization, are
crucial to its operations, and give it a competitive advantage. Variable Costs
Variable Costs are production costs that change directly depending on a
company's production volume. Variance Reporting Variance Reporting is a report
where actual income and expenditures are evaluated against what has been
budgeted or forecast. It is the way companies measure how well they are
adhering to the budget or planned growth objectives. What-If Analysis What-If
Analysis is a method of planning that analyzes a company's financial outcome
based on a variety of different circumstances, scenarios, and assumptions.
Working Capital Working Capital is a financial ratio that measures a company's
efficiency and its ability to cover its short-term debts. It is calculated by
subtracting current liabilities from current assets. Zero-Based Budgeting
Zero-Based Budgeting is a method of preparing budgets without carrying over
numbers from previous years. Each activity must be justified since every
department starts out with zero dollars to spend. Want to stay up to date with
the latest trends and best practices in FP&A;? You should read the Adaptive
Blog.Expand your FP&A; knowledge cfo-indicator CFO Indicator Q4 2016 – Piece
by Piece: The Challenges in Assembling Corporate Reports Download Now Our Q4
2016 global survey explored the topic of reporting with over 400 CFOs who
shared their opinions on reporting process efficiencies, current and expected
report volumes, and existing shortcomings in reporting systems. Results
indicate an opportunity to automate non-value-added tasks so that finance has
the time needed to deliver actionable ins... ebook The Goldilocks Budget: Best
practices for developing a “just right” budget for your business Download Now
Getting to a budget that is “just right” for your organization can prove a
painstaking and daunting task. But by following a proven approach developed by
Jeff Epstein and Byron Deeter, you can establish a transformative budgeting
practice that enhances communication and collaboration, better informs
planning, and can even help drive growth. ... ebook 5 Steps to Getting Your
Business on Board with Rolling Forecasts Download Now Learn how to set your
course right with rolling forecasts. Dramatically reduce the time your
business spends laboring over the annual plan or budget, so that your
assumptions are current and in line with actual market conditions. We'll guide
you through some of the most important best practices as well as advise you on
steps to making rolling fore... Watch Demo Free Trial Footer Menu Col
1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance for Sales Technology Platform Licensing
Footer Menu Col 2SolutionsChallenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu
Col 3Customer SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services
Training & Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col
4LearnCFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics
Videos Webcasts White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events
Webinars Footer Menu Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom
facebook linkedin twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights
reserved. Privacy Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite
200, Palo Alto, CA 94303 ×Close