Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login ICYMI: The Future of VR,
Updates to Instagram Stories, & More Reading Time: 1 Minute This week: How VR
is creating new advertising opportunities for brands, Instagram’s new
Highlights and Archive features, and the scoop on Pinterest’s new Facebook
Messenger bot. How VR and Social Media is Impacting Advertising | Adaptly We
saw slow adoption of virtual reality in 2017, but Adaptly VP of Accounts Rob
Kabrovski predicts that social video will be the medium to drive VR adoption
next year. In the same way that video replaced photos on social this year, Rob
sees VR soon replacing standard video. As soon as consumers become accustomed
to more immersive and engaging formats, the old standard becomes forsaken. As
virtual reality continues to evolve, advertisers will be able to leverage the
format to reach audiences in a digital space, opening up a new realm of
advertising possibilities. Introducing the Pinterest Chat Extension and Bot
for Messenger | Pinterest Engineering Pinterest has launched a new chat
extension and bot through Facebook Messenger. Almost one million Pins are
shared to Facebook Messenger each week, and this new extension will make that
sharing process even easier. The Pinterest Messenger bot will bring the power
of Pinterest Search to Messenger and Pinners find ideas and inspiration
without having to leave the messaging app. The bot is an early exploration
into AI for Pinterest and will allow users to interact with the platform and
content in a conversational way. Introducing Stories Highlights and Stories
Archive | Instagram for Business Instagram has added two new features to its
Stories format: Highlights and Archive. From now on, all Instagram Stories
will be saved to a user’s Stories Archive to make it easy to revisit past
Stories after their 24 hours are up. From there, users and businesses can
aggregate those Stories into Highlights that will live at the top of the
profile. Highlighting Stories will help businesses do more with both paid and
organic Stories content by giving it a place to live forever. Chandler Sopko
Marketing Manager Chandler has been with Adaptly for 3 years, bringing her
marketing background and love of social media to the ad tech scene. When she
isn’t looking at pictures of food on Instagram she can be found doing the
crossword or exploring New York City. Office New York Share Categories Blog
Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something
Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and
insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General
Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information
pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London
20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive
Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa
Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103
Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact