WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Mike Isaac ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @MikeIsaac Recent
Posts by Mike Isaac Bilton Twitter Book — Co-Founder Jack Dorsey Almost Went
to Facebook (And More!) October 9, 2013 at 2:48 am PT Tweet Share Print What
do you do after getting pushed out of the CEO seat of the Internet company you
co-founded? Maybe you take a trip to the beach and leave the worries of
Silicon Valley behind for a time. Or, if you’re Twitter’s Jack Dorsey, perhaps
you consider taking a job at your company’s biggest rival: Facebook. That’s
according to “Hatching Twitter: A True Story of Money, Power, Friendship, and
Betrayal” — the upcoming book by New York Times reporter and columnist Nick
Bilton, which recounts the early, turbulent days of the San Francisco
microblogging service. Bilton’s account of the company’s short history, which
will be published next month, is excerpted in the Times Magazine this week. As
Bilton describes the situation, in 2008, two years after Twitter was first
created, Dorsey was still leading the company. But Twitter’s board was
unsatisfied with Dorsey’s performance as a CEO up to that point, as Bilton
reports, because his time was divided between running the company and chasing
his other pursuits, including yoga, fitness and even fashion design. At one
point, Williams sat Dorsey down and gave him a harsh ultimatum: “You can
either be a dressmaker or the CEO of Twitter,” Williams said to Dorsey. “But
you can’t be both.” Meanwhile, the fast-growing Twitter faced site-wide
periods of downtime and serious infrastructure issues, quickly becoming
notorious for its “fail whales.” Finally, the board had had enough of Twitter
under Dorsey and, over breakfast at the Clift Hotel in San Francisco, board
members Bijan Sabet and Fred Wilson asked him to step down from his role as
CEO. They said he would move instead into the role of Twitter board chairman —
essentially a position in name only, a vanity title that afforded Dorsey no
voting power. While co-founder Evan Williams would assume the CEO position,
Dorsey became a “silent board member.” After his ouster, Dorsey made a phone
call to Mark Zuckerberg, who wanted to find a place for him at Facebook. There
were a series of meetings over the following weeks, with Dorsey at one point
sitting down with Facebook VP Chris Cox to discuss some sort of product-
focused role for him at the social giant. But, despite the obvious drama, the
talks never materialized into an actual position, and Dorsey eventually moved
on to other projects (including the eventual birth of online payments company
Square.) The dramatic tale is just one of many contentious scenes in Bilton’s
book about Twitter’s early days, which are largely characterized by betrayal,
infighting and power coups among co-founders and friends. From the excerpt, it
seems that the book aims to realign public perceptions of the company’s
creators — some of whom are well known, while others have been virtually
written out of Twitter’s history. It is also a founding tale that Twitter will
no doubt want to distance itself from, especially as the company steadily
moves toward its initial public offering. Twitter publicly disclosed its S-1
registration form, filed confidentially in July, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission last week. Among the other bombshells in the book (and
there promise to be many), the Times Magazine excerpt describes a few in great
detail, including: The expulsion of one of Twitter’s early co-founders, Noah
Glass. According to Bilton’s book, it was Dorsey who wanted Glass out,
although Williams delivered the news. While the company’s IPO will turn some
founders’ equity into tens of millions of dollars, Glass sold most of his
shares early on, and will be left with little in the way of a windfall. Evan
Williams’ resignation from his CEO position in 2011 was forced, pushed out by
the board (to current CEO Dick Costolo’s benefit) after a behind-the-scenes
campaign from Dorsey, who lobbied to have Williams removed. The book covers
Dorsey’s complicated tenure at the company. And, though few of Bilton’s cast
of characters escape unscathed, it appears to be a largely unflattering
portrait of Dorsey. Not coincidentally, “Hatching Twitter” lands on shelves on
Nov. 5 — just in time for the company’s public market debut. Tagged with:
book, CEO, Dick Costolo, Evan Williams, Facebook, Hatching Twitter, Mark
Zuckerberg, Nick Bilton, The New York Times, The New York Times Magazine,
Twitter In Wake of Delivery Delays, Amazon Offers Gift Cards to Customers
December 26, 2013 at 12:11 pm PT RapGenius and Google: Tales in Growth Hacking
Gone Wrong December 26, 2013 at 9:52 am PT Twitter Stock Has a Very Merry
Christmas December 26, 2013 at 6:45 am PT Freshdesk Nabs $7 Million Series C
December 19, 2013 at 4:30 am PT Tweets Are the New Black: NYT Reporter’s
Twitter Book to Be Made for TV December 18, 2013 at 9:57 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version