Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login ICYMI: Pinterest Promoted
Video Drives Video Views for Adaptly Retailers Reading Time: 1 Minute This
week: How three Adaptly retailers drove video views with Promoted Video on
Pinterest, the future of virtual reality and social media, and seasons
greetings from all of us at Adaptly. Pinterest Promoted Video Case Study for
Retail | Adaptly Following the launch of Promoted Video with Autoplay on
Pinterest, Adaptly’s advertisers were eager to start using the format. Three
of our top retail clients began testing Promoted Video and soon determined
that the medium was particularly well-suited to branding activity early on in
the purchase funnel. Collectively, all three retailers found that Promoted
Video with Autoplay produced impressively high video completion rates and low
costs per view. Download the case study for key takeaways from the campaigns.
Virtual Reality and the Future of Social Media | Digital Marketing Magazine
Virtual reality adoption began building steam in 2017, but the medium did not
quite reach its full potential. Adaptly VP of Accounts Rob Kabrovski predicts
that 2018 will be the year that VR really takes off, and that social video
will be the driving force behind mass adoption. As VR becomes more mainstream
and accessible to consumers, we can expect to see more immersive, virtual ad
formats replacing standard photo and even video formats on social. Advertisers
will soon be able to leverage virtual reality to reach audiences in a new kind
of digital space, opening up exciting advertising possibilities. Holidays
2017: A Complete Guide to Ad Campaigns & Creative Success | Adaptly In honor
of our last ICYMI post of 2017, we wanted to wish you a very happy holiday
season and all the best in the new year. To tide you over til 2018, here are a
few Adaptly resources for any last-minute campaign planning and predictions
for next year: 7 Holiday Trends to Help Your Creative Shine This Season, Video
Optimization to Be “Mastered” on Social Platforms in 2018, and 4 Key Social
Media Trends in 2018. Happy New Year from all of us at Adaptly! Chandler Sopko
Marketing Manager Chandler has been with Adaptly for 3 years, bringing her
marketing background and love of social media to the ad tech scene. When she
isn’t looking at pictures of food on Instagram she can be found doing the
crossword or exploring New York City. Office New York Share Categories Blog
Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something
Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and
insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General
Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information
pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London
20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive
Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa
Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103
Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact