WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Salesforce Went Down for About Three Hours
Today in North America and Europe November 15, 2013 at 11:47 am PT Tweet Share
Print A system update that went awry appears to be the cause of a failure that
took Salesforce.com down across much of North America and most of Europe. In
some cases, the outage lasted for as long as three hours. Salesforce
acknowledged the outage on its System Status page, which shows that seven out
of 17 instances in North America were affected, as were two out of four in the
Europe, Middle East and Africa region. Two instances in the Asia Pacific
region were unaffected. According to a Salesforce statement, the problem began
at a little before 9 pm ET last night. If you were trying to use
Salesforce.com during the next three hours or so in the affected regions, you
probably had trouble signing on. The company said the preliminary findings
point to planned maintenance on networking equipment that clearly didn’t go as
planned. The timing could have been better. On Monday Salesforce will report
quarterly earnings. And, on the same day, the company’s Dreamforce conference
gets under way in San Francisco. CEO Marc Benioff is giving a big keynote
address on Tuesday that will more or less set the table for Salesforce’s
agenda in 2014. A lot of people took to Twitter to express their frustration.
Here’s one. @salesforce is having a major outage for 2+ hours now. Many nodes
down. It seems we’re at the mercy of our cloud providers. — David Friedlander
(@i_am_davidf) November 15, 2013 Anyway, here’s Salesforce’s statement,
referring specifically to its NA2 instance in North America, but the message
was the same across all the others. Time: 11/15/13 01:51 AM UTC Detail: On
November 15, 2013 the salesforce.com Technology Team resolved a service
disruption affecting the NA2 instance. The problem began at 01:51 UTC and was
resolved by 04:51 UTC. During this time, customers may have experienced an
inability to access or intermittent errors to Salesforce application. Root
Cause: The salesforce.com Team is investigating the root cause of this issue.
The preliminary findings point it to planned maintenance in the network tier.
Tagged with: ATD Facebook, cloud computing, dreamforce, failure, Marc Benioff,
outage, Salesforce.com, Twitter Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version