Skip to main content Free Trial +44 (0) 208 528 1767 Contact Us United Kingdom
Australia United States France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning
Consolidation Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive
Insights, we make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world.
Software for people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business
Planning Cloud Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales
Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling Collaboration Dashboards
and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board & External Reporting
Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active Planning? The Costs
of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio, Churn, ARR? SaaS
businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling growth and
monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our solution for SaaS
companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual Processes Data
Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration Professional Development
Need Workforce Management Revenue Management Expense Management Financial
Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance Sheet & Cash Flow
Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Business Services Nonprofit Higher
Education Manufacturing Retail Financial Services Insurance Energy & Utilities
Business Size Midsize Companies Large Enterprises Divisions Customers Learn
how moving to a cloud-based platform cut costs and simplified the budgeting
process. LEARN MORE Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews Services
Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success Management Support
Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2016 Magic Quadrant
Strategic Corporate Performance Management Solutions report LEARN MORE Learn
Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks Infographics Video
Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company Customer Success How To
Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s next at Adaptive Live
2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your success. That’s why you
should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we explore how Adaptive Insights
can help your organisation prepare for the unexpected in today’s rapidly
changing world. Register now Live Group Demo Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific)
save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear how Adaptive's Finance team uses
the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-Person Events Webinars Adaptive
Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership Partners Locate a Partner Partner
Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst
Reports In the News Press Kit Careers Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer
Success Success Stories Reviews Services Hortonworks Runs Enormous Expansion,
High-Growth on Adaptive Insights Big Data Software Developer Manages Employee,
Financial Forecasts With All-In-One Solution English English, British – ANZ
Hortonworks built its business on innovation. So from the get-go, it sought a
financial management solution that shared the same mindset. That’s why the
open source data company turned to Adaptive Planning. With the click of a
button, Adaptive made it easier to drill down into key performance indicators
and forecast the impact of employee growth. The visibility elevated financial
management beyond just tracking labor and managing expenses. Analytics prowess
gave Hortonworks a competitive edge in a landscape of continuous innovation.
Challenges Planning and analysis for rapidly growing business in multiple
countries and currencies Simplifying corporate-wide budgeting, planning, and
reporting processes Reconciling variances to plans quickly Results More
accurate and frequent planning with detailed “what-if” analysis to model all
key scenarios Easy-to-update, 18-month rolling forecasting helping the company
scale Instantaneous analysis of changes to assumptions facilitates faster,
more informed decision-making DOWNLOAD CASE STUDY About: Hortonworks develops,
distributes and supports the only 100% open source Apache Hadoop® data
platform. The Hortonworks Data Platform provides an open platform that deeply
integrates with existing IT investments and upon which enterprises can build
and deploy Hadoop-based applications. Location: Palo Alto, CA Industry:
Software and Technology See Adaptive Planning software in action. Watch an
online demo.Watch a Demo Adaptive Insights is key to keeping up with our
growth. If Adaptive fell off the earth, it would be like cutting off my arm.
Dan Bradford, VP of Finance How fast-growing is Hortonworks? Today's leading
international commercial developer and distributor of Apache Hadoop was
founded in 2011 and already has a case of the "multies" – multiple entities,
in multiple countries, handling multiple currencies. Acceleration, Expansion
on Adaptive According to Hortonworks CFO Dan Bradford, the Palo Alto-based
company uses Adaptive Planning to do everything from managing employee growth,
to generating weekly financial forecasts. "We're a high-growth company and
we're still adding headcount, expanding globally, and handling more types of
currencies," Bradford explained. "Adaptive is key to keeping up with our
growth. If Adaptive fell off the earth, it would be like cutting off my arm."
Without Bradford, Hortonworks may still be using a time-consuming, on-premise
FP&A; solution; an outdated model ill-fit for an industry-leading company. But
when Bradford joined Hortonworks in June, 2011, he arrived with some valuable
career experience. "I've used Adaptive at different career stops, beginning in
2008 when I was a professional services consultant," Bradford said. "I also
used it when I worked for a real estate firm and had about 30-40 budgets to
maintain. So when I came to Hortonworks and realized we needed a more
efficient process, I implemented Adaptive right away." Deeper, More Accurate
Insight "We love the Netsuite connector," Bradford continued. "We're using it
to make income statement reconciliations and quickly find and reconcile any
variances so that I can focus on the most important nuggets of data. And at
the end of each quarter, we import actual costs from Netsuite and give our
Board a complete corporate performance report." For Hortonworks, the list of
Adaptive benefits goes on, including: • Drill-down analysis of KPIs • More
accurate and frequent planning & detailed "what-if" analysis • Easy-to-update,
18-month rolling forecasting "For me, I instantly knew Adaptive had return on
investment," Bradford explained. "It's top of mind for financial planning, and
it allows me to spend much more time on really strategic things instead of
jockeying spreadsheets for eight hours. I haven't needed to hire a director of
FP&A; yet, because Adaptive has streamlined our planning and reporting. That
alone is a significant cost savings for the company." Adaptive Plays Key Role
in Employee Growth According to Bradford, "people" is Hortonworks' main cost
center. And that's where Adaptive has been most crucial to the company's
growth. "I use Adaptive to track new hires and who is slated to be hired,"
Bradford said. "The ability to change a headcount assumption, and have it
globally run through our entire business model to see the impact on payroll
taxes, or personnel allocations, is instantaneous with Adaptive. I click a
button and holy cow! I have a huge set of neatly-packaged reports to discuss
with the management team, which would have taken hours to do without
Adaptive." Executives Get Answers Fast Bradford's job includes more than
tracking and managing people and expenses. He also has to field and answer
questions about growth and performance from the rest of Hortonworks' executive
team – a job that would have taken most of Bradford's time away from important
tactical initiatives. Instead, Bradford has questions under control, allowing
him to be the strategic finance leader that is crucial to any fast-growing
company. For me, I instantly knew Adaptive Planning had return on investment.
It’s top of mind for financial planning. Dan Bradford, VP of Finance Keep up
with your company's growth. Try Adaptive Insights free for 30 days.Free Trial
Watch Demo Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance for
Sales Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col 2Solutions for
your:Challenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer
SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training &
Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO
Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks Infographic Videos Webcasts White Papers
Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu Col
6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin twitter
youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94303
×Close