WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried New AT&T; Customers to Face Tough Choice on Text Messages
August 18, 2011 at 8:50 am PT Tweet Share Print AT&T; is doing away with its
bundled text message option, leaving new customers with two choices — pay $20
for unlimited texting or shell out 20 cents each time their friend sends them
a text message asking “YT?” “Starting August 21, we’re streamlining our text
messaging plans for new customers and will offer an unlimited plan for
individuals for $20 per month and an unlimited plan for families of up to five
lines for $30 per month,” AT&T; said. “The vast majority of our messaging
customers prefer unlimited plans and with text messaging growth stronger than
ever, that number continues to climb among new customers.” Those already using
a bundled plan — such as the $10 for 1,000 text messages option — can keep
their existing plan, even if they change handsets, AT&T; said. The move comes
as the U.S. has passed the Philippines to become the most text message-
addicted country, according to a new report from wireless analyst Chetan
Sharma. Americans now average about 664 messages per subscriber per month.
That means, though, that the average person here would still be better off
with the $10 per month plan that AT&T; is eliminating. AT&T;’s shift was
reported earlier on Thursday by Engadget. Tagged with: AT&T;, billing,
charges, SMS, text message, wireless Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for
the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran
Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013
at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone
Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version