WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried As Apple, Google and Microsoft Kick Off Developer Events,
Momentum Still With the iPhone June 8, 2012 at 4:20 am PT Tweet Share Print
Monday kicks off the start of a three-week spree of events aimed at winning
the hearts and minds of mobile developers. Apple will get first crack with its
Worldwide Developers Conference, which runs next week at downtown San
Francisco’s Moscone Center. Next up is Microsoft, which plans to outline the
future of Windows Phone at an event on June 20. Google, meanwhile, will have
plenty of Android topics on tap at its annual I/O conference, which runs June
27 to June 29. Research In Motion is also hoping to convince developers to
invest in its forthcoming BlackBerry 10 operating system. A traveling
“BlackBerry Jam” developer event made a stop in the Bay Area on Thursday. For
its part, mobile development tracking firm Flurry says that roughly seven in
10 new projects are for iOS, rather than Android. That’s largely consistent
with other recent quarters. “Among the reasons iOS appears more attractive to
developers is the dominance by Apple in the tablet category,” Flurry said in a
blog post on Thursday. “Not only does Apple offer a large, homogenous
smartphone base for which to build software, but also when developers build
for smartphones, their apps run on Apple’s iPad tablets as well. That’s like
getting two platforms for the price of one.” Flurry also said that developers
continue to be able to generate more revenue on Apple’s platform. Their
estimate is that for every $1 earned by iOS developers, Android developers see
only 24 cents in revenue, similar to its prior findings. “At the end of the
day, developers run businesses, and businesses seek out markets where revenue
opportunities are highest and the cost of building and distributing is
lowest,” Flurry said. “In short, Android delivers less gain and more pain than
iOS, which we believe is the key reason 7 out of every 10 apps built in the
new economy are for iOS instead of Android.” Tagged with: Android, Apple,
BlackBerry, BlackBerry 10, Flurry, Google, Google I/O, iOS, iPad, iPhone,
Windows Phone, Windows Phone 7, WWDC Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for
the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran
Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013
at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone
Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version