WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Warren Buffett Thinks Apple’s
Share Buyback Is Just Fine as It Is October 16, 2013 at 1:50 pm PT Tweet Share
Print Berkshire Hathaway’s Warren Buffett doesn’t own any Apple shares, but if
he did, he wouldn’t cast his lot with activist investor Carl Icahn, who has
recently been pushing the company toward a larger share buyback. Asked during
an interview with cable television network CNBC about Icahn’s efforts to
convince Apple to raise its buyback well above the $60 billion to which it’s
already committed, Buffett said he supported Apple’s handling of the
situation. “I think the Apple management and directors have done a pretty
darned good job of running the company, and so my vote would be with them,”
Buffett said. “… I do not think that companies should be run primarily to
please Wall Street, and largely shareholders who are going to sell.” Buffett,
it should be noted, told Apple co-founder Steve Jobs years ago that the best
thing he could do if he believed the company’s stock was cheap was to use its
cash to buy it up. Here’s Buffett during a March 2012 appearance on CNBC:
[Steve] said, “We’ve got all this cash. What should we do with it?” I said, “I
would use it for buybacks if I thought my stock was undervalued.” And I asked,
“How do you feel about that?” Apple stock was $200-and-something at the time.
He said, “I think my stock is very undervalued.” I said, “Well, what better to
do with your money?” … And, he didn’t do anything, and of course, he didn’t
want to do anything. He just liked having the cash. It was very interesting to
me because I later learned that he said I agreed with him to do nothing with
the cash. … He didn’t want to repurchase stock although he absolutely felt his
stock was significantly underpriced at two-hundred and whatever it was then.
Tagged with: Apple, Berkshire Hathaway, buyback, Carl Icahn, cash, shares,
Steve Jobs, Warren Buffet Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone
Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013
at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12
pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at
5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013
at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version