WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher The Yahoo Management Structure: Who Is In and Who
Is Out? February 23, 2009 at 7:30 am PT Tweet Share Print On Friday, BoomTown
first reported that new Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz is likely to be announcing a
sweeping new management structure soon, which can only mean the possibility
that some existing top execs are likely to be broomed out, even as some new
ones are ushered in. “This is going to be a full-scale peanut butter recall,”
joked one exec, referring to the infamous “Peanut Butter Manifesto,” which was
sent around the company several years ago by former exec Brad Garlinghouse. It
laid bare the problems at Yahoo (YHOO), most especially a decided lack of
decision-making and lugubrious levels of managers. But the reorganization of
Yahoo’s top-heavy management structures–I once dubbed it the “attack of the
Yahoo vice presidents”–will be a bit sticky, given all the (slow-)moving parts
at Yahoo (YHOO). Nonetheless, Bartz signaled a “big week” ahead in one
internal memo I obtained, which was sent out Friday. So what’s to come? Here’s
a rough primer, based on talking to numerous sources inside and outside of
Yahoo: The Basics: In order to start to revive Yahoo, Bartz is likely to
impose a more top-down management style on the hopelessly confusing “matrix”
organization now in place at the company. She has spent the last six weeks
touring Yahoo, getting to see a lot of presentations on its many, many
products and conducting a whirlwind of meetings with execs. Broadly, most
expect Bartz to severely roll back a variety of previous reorganizations done
by former CEO Jerry Yang and outgoing President Sue Decker, in order to impose
more centralized control over the place and focus it more narrowly.
Presumably, lattes–paid for by Yang and co-founder David Filo–will remain
free. Out With the Old: There’s no question that Yahoo is going to see the
departure of several top execs, along with the elevation of others. Among
those who are more likely to be definitely in, though, is CTO Ari Balogh
(pictured here), a relatively recent hire who has been a popular exec within
Yahoo. The Wall Street Journal first noted the possible rise of Balogh in a
follow-up piece to this column’s story on the overall reorg over the weekend,
noting that he would become head of product. Presumably, Balogh will be one of
the point men on what to do about search, in the should-I-stay-or-should-I-
sell-now debate that never seems to end at Yahoo. One interesting idea
floating around Yahoo is that he becomes head of all its products, as well as
continuing to run its tech arm. That’s a good idea, since Yahoo has
desperately needed an empowered leader under Bartz, who focuses like a laser
beam on products. “It all starts with that,” said one former exec. “One single
person has to be the champion of what Yahoo makes.” But what does that mean
for Ash Patel, EVP of Yahoo’s Audience Product Division? Well, the longtime
Yahoo veteran could now report to Balogh (he had previously reported to Decker
directly) or, presumably, leave. Patel’s fate, of course, impacts that of many
others, such as Front Doors head Tapan Bhat, who is in charge of a major
homepage redesign that Bartz just delayed the launch of to make it better.
Venkat Panchapakesan, EVP of the Audience Technology Group, seems safer, given
that he reports to Balogh already and is responsible for the company’s overall
product technology and platform strategy, such as its open efforts. Also safer
than not is General Counsel Michael Callahan, as well as U.S. EVP Hilary
Schneider. But Schneider’s purview might change a bit if U.S. advertising
sales head Joanne Bradford–who now reports to her–is elevated to a higher
position or if sales is taken out from under Schneider. It’s not a stretch to
imagine Bartz wanting more control of the part of Yahoo that brings in the
bucks. The fate of Connected Life Division EVP Marco Boerries is dicier–think
Yahoo mobile and other devices–as it is for CFO Blake Jorgensen and David
Windley, who heads human resources. Both Jorgensen and Windley were favored by
Decker, which does not necessarily make them goners. But both are in jobs on
which Bartz will have to rely much more, so she might want her own choices in
place. Boerries (pictured here), a talented but more freewheeling exec under
Yang, is another question all together. Already wealthy from selling several
companies, the entrepreneurial exec is most often mentioned by sources as
someone unlikely to stick around, especially if Bartz tries to rein him in
more. (In addition, Boerries has family issues requiring that he spend a lot
of time in his native Germany.) As to the many Yahoo SVPs and VPs? Let’s just
say it is likely there will be many fewer of them, as Bartz cuts,
consolidates, simplifies and centralizes divisions more. In With the New: One
hire that is definitely coming is a new chief of marketing to take over
Yahoo’s brand, as well as its PR function. Yahoo has not had that kind of
powerful exec in a long time, and it is more likely Bartz will go for an
outside star here. One outside name skittering around Yahoo for the role is
John Vail (pictured here), director of interactive marketing for Pepsi-Cola
North America, who knows Yahoo well. (An obvious internal candidate for the
job would be Yahoo’s Global Brand Marketing SVP, Allen Olivo, who could hit
the road if not selected.) Also a possibility is adding a COO with more Web
experience to come in to help Bartz. There are plenty of candidates for that
job all over the Internet sector. But Bartz seems to be the kind of exec who
favors flying solo and having key execs report to her to keep a finger on the
pulse of a company. She is most definitely not going to have an entourage
around her. In fact, said one person familiar with the situation: “It’s long
past time for new plumbing, and [Bartz] seems ready to flush a lot out that
has long needed to go.” Tagged with: advertising, Allen Olivo, Ari Balogh,
arrivals departures feature, Ash Patel, Blake Jorgensen, BoomTown, Brad
Garlinghouse, Carol Bartz, COO, CTO, David Filo, David Windley, digital,
Hilary Schneider, Industry Moves, industry moves feature, Internet, Jerry
Yang, Joanne Bradford, John Vail, Kara Swisher, management, Marco Boerries,
matrix, memo, Michael Callahan, Peanut Butter Manifesto, Pepsi-Cola North
America, product, reorganization, search, Sue Decker, Tapan Bhat, Venkat
Panchapakesan, Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at
2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in
3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t
Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013
at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » The problem with the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper
collapse has always been that billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of
authority-questioning journalism that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum,
writing in the Columbia Journalism Review about the promise of Pierre
Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version