WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Fixing Yahoo: The First Step Is Others Admitting
You Have a Problem June 28, 2007 at 12:02 am PT Tweet Share Print I got a lot
of great response to this post I did yesterday about starting on a blogging
journey to figure out what to do at Yahoo. So before I get all blabby–and I
will, my friends–here’s some ideas I got over the transom for helping the
Internet giant find its way back to a more stable and sober life. Brett
Bullington, former Excite exec and well-known investor, looked backward: I
think where they went astray, which was awhile back, is they see themselves
more as a media company than a tech or applications company (Excite had this
issue, too). The reality is that they are an applications company that wraps
media or content (professional, user-contributed, etc.) into a way that allows
it to be used broadly and efficiently by the user. Subtle but major difference
in the approach and who you cater to. Google clearly understands this better
than anyone.” Om Malik looked to baseball for inspiration in this recent post
he flagged to me, looking at discouraging traffic and visitor trends at Yahoo
as trouble for its momentum ahead. The management shuffle aside, Yahoo has a
bigger problem on its hands: the traffic, be it search or total visits, is
beginning to resemble New York Yankees in the Major League Baseball rankings.”
Eric Frenchman, whom I quoted from his blog, Pardon My French (he could
obviously not resist), made a point I have also made before and heartily agree
with: I think their No. 1 strategy should be trying to put Overture back
together with MSN. The two can’t stand alone versus Google, but by combining
MSN’s conversion know-how with Yahoo’s traffic they can give Google a run for
their money.” Bill Bucy, in the comments, noted an important issue to think
about–public image. It’s not so good right now and needs to be, he wrote:
Interesting you mentioned PR as one area you’ll be looking at, because I think
it will be a key function going forward. Not even the best PR maven can say
something’s white when it’s black. But I haven’t seen much, if any, evidence
of strategic thinking in the company’s communications. I think the [ganging
up] on the Wenda Harris Millard situation is clear evidence of that.” And
Ashkan Karbasfrooshan sent me a series of links to posts from his blog,
WatchMojo.com about Yahoo, in which he mused on a wide range of ideas, such as
being bought by a private equity firm, merging with eBay, links with the
younger and hotter (MySpace and Facebook, of course). I thought this was
smart: Ideally, Yahoo should remain patient, but its investors will continue
to bail if they keep suffering from Google-envy. And that is the cost of
remaining public. Increasingly, they’ll wonder why not accept MSFT’s $50B
offer, and truth is, there’s no real guarantee that this was even ever offered
or will be again in the future.” In other words: Yahoo outlook, as usual:
Cloudy with a chance of more clouds. So let’s see in the coming months if we
can begin to find a bit clearer skies. Please see this disclosure related to
me and Google. Tagged with: BoomTown, digital, Google, Internet, Kara Swisher,
Wenda Harris Millard, Yahoo Third Foxconn Worker Dies Due to Explosion,
Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral
Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie “Tintin” May 19,
2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks About $10M
Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May 18, 2011 at
9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be a $4.5B
Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on Women in
Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version