WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Seven Questions for Workday CEO and Greylock
Partner Aneel Bhusri April 15, 2013 at 4:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Aneel
Bhusri Few people in Silicon Valley wear as many hats as Aneel Bhusri.
Currently known primarily for his role as co-CEO of Workday, the cloud-based
human resources software company that floated in an IPO last year, he also
maintains an active role as a partner at venture capital firm Greylock
Partners. He also finds time to sit on the boards of many interesting
startups, including Sumo Logic. Workday is the company that caused a lot of
consternation at the large enterprise software firms. As it raised money and
marched toward its IPO, SAP acquired Workday rival SuccessFactors in late
2011, forcing Oracle to make a similar move to acquire Taleo. AllThingsD
caught up with Bhusri at a San Francisco restaurant recently to learn of the
latest doings at Workday, and to chat about his view of the fundamental shifts
that are rocking the enterprise from so many directions and creating
opportunity in the process. AllThingsD: Aneel, you sit in a position with sort
of a unique point of view, being both a CEO of a cloud software company that’s
by definition riding one of the fundamental shifts in the enterprise, and also
you’re a partner at Greylock, with a history of leading investments in
enterprise-focused companies. So, from a high level, how do see the changes
happening in the enterprise landscape right now? Bhusri: When you think about
what’s happening in the enterprise, it’s the most disruptive time in 25 years.
Apps are moving to the cloud. Arguably, the relational database is going to
look like a mainframe in 10 years, as transactions move into in-memory
databases and Hadoop and other noSQL databases for Analytics. Storage is going
from disk to flash. The legacy enterprise companies aren’t innovating, but
they have cash and they have distribution, so they can buy their way into this
new generation of innovation. To me, the one big question is whether or not
this generation of entrepreneurs sells out to the big guys, or do they go it
alone? This is going to be a conundrum for this wave of entrepreneurs. The
large companies will put such large valuations in front of you that it’s hard
not to sell out. Some will go it alone, and some won’t. Do the new companies
stand a chance? I mean, you’re talking about some pretty formidable companies
being attacked. One big change that has occurred over the last few years, that
if you look back to the period from 2000 to 2006, with the exception of
Salesforce.com, everyone was trying to compete at the edges with the big guys.
No one wanted to take them head-on. No one wanted to take on Oracle or SAP or
EMC or any of these guys, because they knew they would lose. Then, with the
explosion of new technologies like the cloud, like Hadoop, like flash memory,
you’re seeing a new set of companies that are not trying to compete at the
edges, but are going right for the jugular. We haven’t seen these in 15 years
or so, when new companies are trying to disrupt the established players rather
than just coexist. So the big companies have not been threatened for a long
time. Salesforce is going right after Siebel, a.k.a. Oracle. Palo Alto
Networks is going right after Checkpoint Systems and Cisco. Pure Storage is
going right after EMC and Hewlett-Packard. This is why the enterprise space is
doing well: Because the companies that are becoming public are going after big
markets. To follow your example, then, is Workday going for the jugular versus
SAP and Oracle? We have the advantage in product, and they have the advantage
of distribution. And that race is going on in every key segment: Distribution
channels versus innovation. Oracle and SAP have the advantage of distribution.
It’s not about money. We have a lot of money in the bank. It’s more about
investing it smartly and building out the distribution to bring out our
market-leading product faster than they can build a market-leading product
using their distribution. So how is business at Workday generally? You
recently landed HP as your biggest customer. Have you landed anyone else like
that? There’s nothing slowing down about the shift to the cloud. I don’t see
anything on the horizon that is changing that. But, yes, we’ve landed a big
customer and, no, I’m not allowed to talk about it yet. Did having HP name you
as a vendor help bring in more business? Anytime you land a big company like
that, it gives people more comfort that the cloud is real. It’s hard to
measure. But it helps other large companies to see that another one of their
peers is shifting an application to the cloud. So, what are your priorities at
Workday this year? I would consider this to be a really key transitional year
for Workday. If we’re really successful, three or four years down the road
we’ll look and see this was the year where we put the foundation in place. If
you look back historically, we were a one-product company and in only one
geography, and that was the human resources product in the U.S. In the next 18
months, we’re going multi-product and multi-geography. We’re expanding into
Europe, and the financial products are doing really well. We will continue
work on the financial product, but this is the beauty of the cloud: With every
update, we add more functionality, and we land more customers. And in 18
months, we become a company that is both global and has multiple products,
then I think we’ll have Oracle and SAP back on their heels for the next five
to seven years. As for HR in the U.S., the other guys have a really long way
to go to catch up to us. We have to build out a global distribution channel
over the next 24 months. And as we build that channel, we’ll also be building
financials, which is a market that’s two to three times the size of the HR
market. What comes out the other end is the next large enterprise ERP company.
Is there a third leg to the stool after financials? Analytics. We announced a
big data product, and it doesn’t go into general availability until the second
half of the year. What I did not realize as much as I do now is that there are
companies that have a variety of different data that they want to co-mingle
from a lot of different sources. Also, they’re looking for a home for third-
party data. Most production systems don’t want you to bring third-party data
into them. They want a way to import all of the third-party data they had from
either HR or financial. And our big-data product is a way to help them do
that, and I expect a pretty strong attach rate with that. So I think that is
the third leg, right there. Take those together, and you’re looking at a
pretty big market. Tagged with: Aneel Bhusri, cloud computing, database, EMC,
enterprise software, Greylock Partners, Hadoop, Hewlett-Packard, human capital
management, human resources, Oracle, Salesforce.com, SAP, Seven Questions,
SuccessFactors, Sumo Logic, Taleo, Workday Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version