WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Strength in Numbers? News Corp. May Join Time Inc.’s
“Hulu for Magazines.” November 11, 2009 at 1:12 pm PT Tweet Share Print While
Rupert Murdoch is busy shaking his fist at Google (GOOG), he is making more
friendly overtures to other media players. Sources tell me his News Corp. may
join the digital e-reader storefront that Time Inc. and other magazine
publishers are putting together. It’s not clear if News Corp. (NWS) will end
up investing in the joint venture, which is designed to control distribution
of “print” content to readers like Amazon’s (AMZN) Kindle and Apple’s (AAPL)
rumored tablet, or if the company will simply agree to tailor its stuff–most
notably, The Wall Street Journal–to the joint venture’s standards. In either
case, News Corp. has yet to officially sign on, sources tell me. An
announcement formally acknowledging the JV itself is supposed to be a couple
of weeks away, though I have been hearing this for at least six weeks. No
comment from News Corp. or Time Inc., the Time Warner (TWX) publishing unit
that has been assembling the JV. Other expected partners include Hearst, Condé
Nast and, perhaps, Meredith. (Disclosure: News Corp. owns Dow Jones, which
owns this Web site.) In some ways, News Corp. is an obvious partner for the
coalition, which I like to call “Hulu for magazines.” Murdoch has been an
outspoken critic of Amazon’s distribution and pricing policies; he argues that
by controlling the subscription of digital newspaper and magazines delivered
through its e-reader, Amazon deprives publishers of a valuable asset. Murdoch
also wants more money for the stuff it does sell: In an earnings call last
week, he said that while the bookseller was now paying his company up to $6.50
a month for each $15 monthly subscription to The Wall Street Journal, that
split wasn’t good enough. The JV is supposed to solve those problems for
publishers by letting them control sales, customer billing and pricing. But it
is also primarily designed with magazine publishers in mind, and News Corp.
isn’t in that business. Meanwhile, New Corp.’s Dow Jones unit is proprietary
about the system it has already built to handle subscriptions to the Journal’s
print and online editions and its BlackBerry and iPhone apps. While it’s
possible that the JV could use the Dow Jones subscription/commerce platform as
the technological base of the JV, Dow Jones could be prickly if asked to play
well with others. “Newspapers and magazines, don’t mix well, for reasons that
aren’t obvious to the outside world,” says a News Corp. executive briefed on
some of the company’s conversations. In any event, balancing different
partners’ interests is only one of the hurdles facing the JV. Some others,
from the story I published last month: They’ll have to convince consumers who
already have billing relationships with Amazon, Apple and other vendors to
sign up with yet another service. They’ll have to convince device makers to
play along with the strategy, which runs counter to many of their own plans.
Both Amazon and Apple, for instance, have intentionally created closed systems
that give them control of both devices and distribution. They’ll have to
create content consumers want to buy. The new product can’t simply be a
digital version of the magazines they’re already printing: That’s already
available on the Web, and consumers have shown almost no interest in paying
for it, and advertisers haven’t fully embraced it either. So what exactly will
the JV be selling? That’s probably the most difficult question for publishers
to answer, made even more difficult because they don’t know what capabilities
the e-readers of the future will boast. Apple for instance, refuses to even
acknowledge to Time Inc. executives that it plans to produce a tablet device,
let alone provide them with specs. Tagged with: advertiser, advertising,
Apple, apps, BlackBerry, Condé Nast, consumers, content, customer billing,
digital, Dow Jones, e-reader, earnings call, editions, Google, Hearst, Hulu,
Internet, iPhone, joint venture, JV, Kindle, magazine, MediaMemo, Meredith,
News Corp., newspaper, online, Peter Kafka, platform, pricing, print,
Publishers, Rupert Murdoch, sales, Slate, subscription, tablet, Time Inc.,
Time Warner, Web site Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV,
While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT
(Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy
Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm
PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter
White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version