WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Lauren Goode ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @LaurenGoode
Recent Posts by Lauren Goode Canary’s “Smart” Smoke Detector Alerts Your
Smartphone When Things Get Hairy at Home July 2, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Tweet
Share Print Admit it: You’ve wanted to smash your smoke alarm with a baseball
bat. That’s where the Canary smoke and carbon monoxide detector comes in. This
concept gadget propels a decades-old device into the new age of Wi-Fi-
connected, “smart” homes. Created by a New York-based startup of the same
name, Canary connects to your at-home Wi-Fi network and alerts you to alarming
levels of smoke, carbon monoxide or even air pollution via your smartphone. It
will also ring your landline or smartphone directly to tell you when things
are getting hairy at home. Perhaps most conveniently, the smoke and CO monitor
can be turned off via the smartphone app, as well — so, no more insistent
chirping while you stand on a chair trying to quiet your smoke alarm. The idea
for the smart alarm came to Mark Belinsky, one member of the six-person Canary
team, during Hurricane Sandy. He couldn’t get in touch with his Russian-
speaking grandmother in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, so rode his bike from
Williamsburg to check on her. He found that not only she but other residents
of her apartment building were heating their apartments with their gas stoves.
“I thought, this is terrible,” Belinsky said. “They were all at acute risk for
carbon monoxide poisoning.” Inspired by the experience, Belinsky put together
a team, who built the first Canary detector. It supports seven different
languages, including Russian — a nod to Grandma. However, as Gizmodo points
out, right now Canary is only a prototype — which means you can’t buy it just
yet. The company said it’s likely going to submit the project to a
crowdfunding site, like Kickstarter or Indiegogo, to raise money for an actual
rollout. The Android and iOS apps are still in the works (a Web dashboard is
being used while Canary is in test mode). And it’s still undetermined whether
the device will be compatible with X10, Zigbee or Z-Wave wireless network
protocols, which means, basically, that it’s hard to know whether this will
play nice with existing home-automation systems and gadgets. Still with all of
the “smart” home appliances popping up out there, it’s nice to see something
emerge that is dedicated to a legitimate home safety concern, as opposed to
multicolored lightbulbs and tweeting refrigerators. Most smoke and CO
detectors are still “dumb” in that they don’t offer Wi-Fi or Bluetooth
connectivity. Of course, one would hope that a smoke detector is already
“smart” enough to properly alert someone when there’s a fire. But high carbon
monoxide levels can be harder to detect, and CO poisoning often strikes the
elderly. According to the CDC, fatality from CO is highest among Americans 65
and older. A remote alert system that works in conjunction with smartphones
seems like a no-brainer. On a broader scale, a few years ago the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security launched an initiative to put poison-and-
chemical-reading sensors directly into cellphones. This would potentially
alert users to individual threats, such as CO poisoning, as well as to mass
threats, like a gas attack. But it’s unclear where that project currently
stands. The Department has not yet responded to a request for an update.
Belinsky and the Canary team also see an opportunity in air-quality data sets.
“We’re looking at creating a whole platform for indoor air-quality
information, so this can be something people just know,” Belinsky said. “Let’s
say you’re looking at buying or renting a house. Wouldn’t you want to know
what kind of air you’re breathing? We see that as a huge opportunity.” Tagged
with: Android, Canary, carbon, connected home, detector, Internet of Things,
iPhone, Mobile, monoxide, smart, smoke What You Need to Know About Online
Gift-Card Exchanges December 30, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Kids Get New Tablets Over
the Holidays? Here’s How to Lock ’Em Down. December 27, 2013 at 5:00 am PT
Motorola’s Moto G Might Stand for “Great” Budget Phone December 23, 2013 at
6:00 am PT Sony Updates Lens-Style Camera to Include Photo Gallery, Better
Connectivity December 19, 2013 at 9:30 am PT The NeatConnect Scanner Is a
Cloud-Connected Guilty Pleasure December 16, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version