AllThingsD » Fortune http://allthingsd.com Wed, 19 Feb 2014 15:45:11 +0000 en-
US hourly 1 https://wordpress.org/?v=4.3.16
http://allthingsd.com/theme/images/logo-rss.jpg All Things Digital
http://allthingsd.com/ 144 22 Flipboard to Close Additional $50 Million
Investment Tomorrow http://allthingsd.com/20131209/flipboard-to-close-
additional-50-million-investment-tomorrow/
http://allthingsd.com/20131209/flipboard-to-close-additional-50-million-
investment-tomorrow/#comments Mon, 09 Dec 2013 17:59:20 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=377627 Flipboard, which recently raised $50 million
in new funding in a round led by Rizvi Traverse Management and Goldman Sachs,
will file information about an additional $50 million investment from Rizvi
tomorrow, said sources. The expansion of its Series C funding means that
Flipboard will have raised about $160 million in total, and puts the valuation
of the Silicon Valley startup that makes the popular social reading service
that has 100 million active users at $800 million. The possibility of extra
funding was first reported by Fortune’s Dan Primack. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20131209/flipboard-to-close-additional-50-million-
investment-tomorrow/feed/ 0 Dough Boys: Here's Benchmark's $425 Million Fund
Filing Document http://allthingsd.com/20131207/dough-boys-heres-
benchmarks-425-million-fund-filing-document/
http://allthingsd.com/20131207/dough-boys-heres-benchmarks-425-million-fund-
filing-document/#comments Sat, 07 Dec 2013 15:19:09 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=377366 Earlier today, Fortune’s Dan Primack reported
that Benchmark had raised $425 million in its eighth investment fund. The
Silicon Valley venture capital firm had previously raised the same amount in
2011. As most already know, the new powers-that-be at Benchmark are now the
main foursome of Bill Gurley, Peter Fenton, Mitch Lasky and Matt Cohler. With
this fund, they have now entirely replaced Benchmark’s original group of four
founders. (That said, Steve Spurlock, who has been at Benchmark since 1999,
remains an operating partner, who is in charge of running the day-to-day
operations of the firm and also is the general counsel for the firm.) While
the old group backed such winners as eBay (an investment of about $7 million
that turned into $5 billion), the new dudes — and, let’s be clear, they have
always been dudes — have been keeping up with investments in companies like
Twitter and, more recently, hottie-hot startup Snapchat. As Primack reported,
the group has been on the hunt for a fifth partner, which has actually been
going on for a bit. It will be interesting to see who the firm will land and
how that person will fit in, given how tight the current leadership group is.
Other recent changes include what amounts to a full-scale move from its old
digs on Sand Hill Road to a hipster new office space in the Tenderloin of San
Francisco that is currently being built out. Benchmark still has an office in
Woodside, Calif., but the action is all north now. And the money is in the
bank — here’s Benchmark’s Form D that it filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission: SEC FORM D.pdf ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131207/dough-
boys-heres-benchmarks-425-million-fund-filing-document/feed/ 0 Fortune's Most
Powerful Women List Has Lots of Tech Stars, With She-Can-Do-Anything Spotlight
on Facebook's Sandberg http://allthingsd.com/20131010/fortunes-most-powerful-
women-list-has-lots-of-tech-stars-with-she-can-do-anything-spotlight-on-
facebooks-sandberg/ http://allthingsd.com/20131010/fortunes-most-powerful-
women-list-has-lots-of-tech-stars-with-she-can-do-anything-spotlight-on-
facebooks-sandberg/#comments Thu, 10 Oct 2013 15:22:49 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=364575 Given all the focus on females in top
leadership in tech recently — due to the worthy (and it is most certainly
that, no matter how much some misguided people might say it is not) debate
over the lack of a woman director on the soon-to-IPO Twitter board — it’s
worth a gander at Fortune magazine’s annual list of 50 powerful women in
business. As usual, it has a big group from tech, and mostly from Silicon
Valley — pretty much the same group that was named last year — including IBM
CEO Ginni Rometty at No. 1 for the second straight year, Facebook COO Sheryl
Sandberg at No. 5, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer at No. 8 and Hewlett-Packard CEO
Meg Whitman at No. 9. Also on the list: Top Oracle exec Safra Catz (No. 14),
Google exec Susan Wojcicki of Google, Intel’s Renée James and IBM’s Bridget
Van Kralingen (No. 19, No. 27 and No. 28, respectively). There is also a cover
story on Sandberg that can only be described as very, very complimentary,
painting the exec pretty much as a perfect superwoman, who can run the giant
and complex social networking business and also become a global celebrity, in
part due to her still-best-selling book on women and leadership, “Lean In.” In
addition, a great mom (and she is, indeed). The piece also includes a string
of supporting quotes, mostly from powerful men, such as Facebook CEO and co-
founder Mark Zuckerberg (“‘Lean In’ has done a lot more for Facebook than
Facebook has done for ‘Lean In.'”) and mega-VC Marc Andreessen (“Every company
we work with wants ‘a Sheryl.’ I keep explaining to people that we haven’t yet
figured out how to clone her.”). (Maybe not clone her, but after reading it, I
had the overwhelming impulse to scramble all the private jets out here and get
her to D.C. to lean on some pols to open the government again, tout de suite.)
There is also an interesting list of the next-most-powerful women — they
apparently did not make the main list — including Netflix VP of original
series Cindy Holland, Microsoft’s EVP Julie Larson-Green, Instagram’s Emily
White, Twitter’s Chloe Sladden, Google’s Margo Georgiadis, Kleiner Perkins’s
Mary Meeker, Cisco’s Padmasree Warrior and Apple’s Katie Cotton. Also worth
noting: A smaller profile of Twitter’s international exec Katie Stanton — nice
Paris background, Madame Stanton! — whose description on the microblogging
service is: “Twitter Globetrotter. Mom of 3. Macaron Connoisseur. Europe.”
Said the former Yahoo and Google exec, who is dubbed “Twitter’s Ambassador” by
Fortune: “What do they say? If you love your job, you never work a day in your
life.” Mais oui. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20131010/fortunes-most-powerful-
women-list-has-lots-of-tech-stars-with-she-can-do-anything-spotlight-on-
facebooks-sandberg/feed/ 0 Lululemon Posts a "Help Wanted" Sign You Can't Miss
http://allthingsd.com/20130614/lululemon-posts-a-help-wanted-sign-you-cant-
miss/ http://allthingsd.com/20130614/lululemon-posts-a-help-wanted-sign-you-
cant-miss/#comments Fri, 14 Jun 2013 21:22:52 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=332575 Looking to hire a CEO? Sure, you could hire
headhunters, or maybe troll LinkedIn. But if you’re running a big retail
company with a big website, why let that valuable real estate go to waste?
Hence this message, on Lululemon Athletica’s home page that went up a few days
ago: Gets the point across, no? If you click through, you’ll get to a job
description page filled with all sorts of fairly clever one-liners. And if you
keep going after that, you will indeed get an opportunity to upload your
resume, via … LinkedIn, of course. The company has received 160 applications
so far, said CNNMoney. Lululemon, of course, needs a new CEO because Christine
Day, who has the job right now, is stepping down. Given that the apparel
company recently made headlines for a disastrous wardrobe malfunction, you
might think that Day is stepping down because of the see-through yoga pants
problem. Not so, she told Fortune. But she’s quite coy about why she is
leaving, and isn’t bothering to trot out the “spend more time with my family
line.” Here’s what she told Fortune — or rather, what she didn’t tell them:
“My values include discretion. While I know everyone would like to know ‘the
reason’ [I’m leaving] there are some things that should remain private because
the truth is the good things outweighed the bad and by being respectful and
grateful one can remember that.” ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130614/lululemon-
posts-a-help-wanted-sign-you-cant-miss/feed/ 0 Google CEO Larry Page: Can't We
All Say Kumbaya? http://allthingsd.com/20121211/google-ceo-larry-page-cant-we-
all-say-kumbaya/ http://allthingsd.com/20121211/google-ceo-larry-page-cant-we-
all-say-kumbaya/#comments Tue, 11 Dec 2012 14:14:00 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=276732 When it started at universities, the Internet
was designed to be interoperable. But now that it’s controlled by companies,
it’s a shame that their services don’t work together. That’s the position of
Google CEO Larry Page, as articulated when he was asked about competition with
Apple, Amazon and others by Fortune’s Miguel Helft for an upcoming cover
story. “It would be nice if everybody would get along better and the users
didn’t suffer as a result of other people’s activities,” Page said. Sometimes,
he added, Google is not “allowed” to make its products available as widely as
it would want. Sure, Larry, it would indeed be nice. Though obviously, Google
in particular would benefit because its search engine works best when it can
access and index everything. Still, Google has been on the defensive lately in
situations like the smartphone patent war and after the iPhone map app-
endectomy. And interoperability in tech is not exactly on the rise these days.
Even the younger companies — including Instagram and Twitter — have gotten in
on the hostilities. Meanwhile, when asked about antitrust in search
competition — something regulators in the U.S. and Europe are seriously
considering — Page admitted to Helft that it was “complicated.” Page asserted
that vertical search companies aren’t really Google competitors because they
don’t offer the whole package — say, weather, airline tickets, hotel
reservations, and logistics combined all together for searchers who are
planning a vacation. “I think for us our strength comes from working with
everybody, but we also need to make sure we’re serving our end users with a
really great experience and that we provide that detailed information to
people. Sometimes those things will be complicated.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121211/google-ceo-larry-page-cant-we-all-say-
kumbaya/feed/ 0 Marissa Mayer's First Live Interview (Which ATD Had to
Virtually Sneak Into): God. Family. Yahoo.
http://allthingsd.com/20121127/liveblogging-yahoo-marissa-mayer-first-live-
interview-which-atd-had-to-virtually-sneak-into/
http://allthingsd.com/20121127/liveblogging-yahoo-marissa-mayer-first-live-
interview-which-atd-had-to-virtually-sneak-into/#comments Wed, 28 Nov 2012
04:06:24 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=273246 Tonight, new Yahoo CEO Marissa
Mayer gave her first public interview since becoming the leader of the
troubled Silicon Valley Internet giant. Not to cranky me, of course, but to
the much more amenable Fortune magazine writer and editor Pattie Sellers, who
hosted the former Google exec at a dinner in Palo Alto, Calif., as part of the
magazine’s Most Powerful Women franchise. Fortune recently put a glamour shot
of Mayer on the cover, and Sellers also did a profile. Now, Mayer was ready to
sit down to talk about Yahoo and more. (I wish I could have reported from the
event, and almost did. I had initially been invited to the dinner at the
Garden Court Hotel for about 100 guests, mostly women. But I was then
waitlisted, and then told by Sellers directly that I could not attend, as the
editors had decided to close out outside media and only have Fortune staffers
covering it.) Whatever! I have my ways to liveblog it and do it faster than
any magazine writer can — and none involve disguising myself as a cater-waiter
or solely using the Twitter feed from Fortune. As if! Here goes: 7:50 pm:
After some lovely cocktails, the audience sits down at about 10 tables of nine
people and starts in on the salad course. Soon enough, the night starts off
with a speech by a McKinsey partner (and presumable sponsor of the dinner),
delivering some stats as part of a study of some sort about how businesses are
using — or should be using — social tools. More than 60 percent of knowledge
workers spend time exchanging information … Social can deliver an estimated $1
trillion in value. Big news! Not! Even! Slightly! Oh dear, please get to the
opening act! Finally, Sellers gives her intro of Mayer. 8:04 pm: Sellers notes
that her conference had hosted Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz in 2010 (she was ousted
in 2011), and in 2011 had Mayer when she was an exec at Google (she became
Yahoo CEO this year). Now, in 2012, Mayer is top dog at Yahoo, and the
youngest CEO in the Fortune 500. “Why don’t we just call this ‘the most
powerful Yahoo dinner,'” jokes Sellers. Why not! Mayer — for those who care,
and forgive me, since I am fashion-stupid — is wearing a black frock and some
heeled Mary Janes. She gets big applause when Sellers notes that Yahoo stock
is up 18 percent since Mayer became CEO. Note: It did go down when she made a
shareholder misstep early in her tenure, but has gone up since she repeated
mobilemobilemobile with confidence on a recent earnings call that got
investors excited about her tenure. 8:08 pm: By the way, Mayer put in a call
for people to vote for her as Time magazine’s Person of the Year (she is on
the list of nominees — more kudos from a Time Inc. property). Mayer starts off
with basic PR messaging that she trotted out previously on the recent earnings
call, around how she wants Yahoo to be focused on “delighting and engaging
users” and how it is a brand that touches people every day. Therefore, its
products need to be inspiring and delightful. Daily delight! This is the
buzzword. Also, she notes, Yahoo should be the bestest place to work. As
apparent proof of that, Mayer says that all Research In Motion BlackBerry
smartphones have been banished, and that Yahoos will be using Apple’s iPhones,
Google’s Android phones and Microsoft’s Windows phones. This has been
endlessly reported, even though most other Internet companies do this, but
it’s a good line, anyway. 8:12 pm: By the way, iPhones are the most popular
with Yahoo employees. News at 11! (I will add that iPhones are the most
popular with the Swisher boys, too, and — irony alert — one of their moms
works at Google.) Sellers then asks about what makes a good product, which is
precisely why the product-savvy Mayer was brought in to fix Yahoo. Says Mayer:
“Acute user need.” I acutely need doughnuts. Does this count? Also, says
Mayer, products have to be created in a way that is “frictionless and
beautiful,” and that the offering cannot get in the consumer’s way. Sellers
asks her to name a great product. Mayer notes that she was not talking
acquisitions, but quickly namechecks the iPhone and Google. Since those
companies’ market caps are a billionty times bigger than Yahoo’s, she def
cannot acquire anything there. 8:17 pm: Mayer also apparently likes some kind
of luxury paper made in Germany that looks like velvet. It’s Gmund, by the
way. The topic moves on to Flickr, the once hip photo-sharing service that
Yahoo bought and proceeded to ignore. Meanwhile, Instagram. Mayer says that
Yahoo needs to focus on the “global suite” services that are excellent, and on
executing them well. She points out Yahoo’s fantasy football service,
mentioning its recent breakdown on game day that sent fans into a tizzy. It’s
a they-love-us-so-much-they-hate-us point. Yahoo will not do things like
online maps, though, Mayer says, noting that where Yahoo cannot compete, it
should partner. Sellers asked about acquisitions. Mayer: Mobilemobilemobile!
(It worked before!) 8:22 pm: Mayer then mentions the importance of small teams
that work together, such as its recent Stamped purchase. She notes that the
bigger and more strategic opportunities are around advertising technology.
Calling the Rubicon Project! Mayer veers away from a question about layoffs, a
sad Yahoo tradition. I have reported previously that she will make cuts via
performance reviews. At Yahoo, she says, it’s now about performance, not
potential: “No offense to potential, but what we really care about now is
performance.” No offense taken! Also, everyone’s goals will be posted on the
Yahoo Web site for everyone to see. Oh, wait, there will surely be offense
taken by those lazy potential people at Yahoo. Mayer does add that Yahoo
should be a “growth company,” and not one defined by cuts. 8:28 pm: “The
consumer Internet is growing, and we need to invest,” she says. To achieve
this will be a hard job, and will take multiple years, she adds. Sellers asks
about the Disney turnaround, which Mayer is apparently fascinated with. Mayer
does indeed love Disney. Who doesn’t? (Well, me, but I am an outlier.)
Speaking of Disney, one of its directors, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, sent
regrets, but has emailed a question from its board meeting in New York.
Sandberg once worked at Google with Mayer, though the pair is still not
working on a search engine together. Sandberg asks what was most surprising to
Mayer about taking over at Yahoo. Mayer says she thought the job would be
hard, and her new baby would be fun. Mayer had her first child at the end of
September. “The job is fun, and the baby is easy,” says Mayer. Sellers wants
to know how Mayer gets it all done. The answer: “Ruthlessly prioritize.” She
notes that that’s why she has not talked to the media at all, and why she will
not be talking after this event. (Well, I guess I will go back to not waiting
by the phone for Yahoo PR to call back. Hi Anne! — also looking forward to not
getting the holiday media party invite, which is no prob as the Googlers are
throwing one the same night and they usually have organic arugula picked by
elves they employ that’s acutely delicious.) Then, as a Wisconsin Green Bay
Packers fan, Mayer does her version of the famous Vince Lombardi quote: “God.
Family. Yahoo.” Cheesehead moment! And Mayer and I have so much in common!
Mine is: Dog. Family. Yahoo. 8:33 pm: Sellers throws in one more question from
famed investor Warren Buffett, who apparently wants to know what, if Mayer was
not CEO of Yahoo, would she want to run? Not Berkshire Hathaway! Mayer says
she would build something herself. It seems as if that is what she is doing at
Yahoo, so we await the result. Until then, Mayer’s mum. So to speak. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121127/liveblogging-yahoo-marissa-mayer-first-live-
interview-which-atd-had-to-virtually-sneak-into/feed/ 0 Amazon's Bezos
Knocking on Wood for a Record Holiday Season
http://allthingsd.com/20121116/amazons-bezos-knocking-on-wood-for-a-record-
holiday-season/ http://allthingsd.com/20121116/amazons-bezos-knocking-on-wood-
for-a-record-holiday-season/#comments Fri, 16 Nov 2012 23:45:46 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=270360 Even though retailers are better prepared to
go up against Amazon this holiday season than in years past, that isn’t
stopping Amazon’s chief from being perpetually optimistic. In an interview
with Matt Lauer on the “Today” show this morning, Jeff Bezos said, “It will be
a record season for us, knock on wood.” Amazon is hiring 50,000 seasonal
workers to help pick up the pace in its dozens of warehouses worldwide, which
will be humming at full capacity with employees packing and shipping oodles of
boxes to homes in time for Christmas. This year, physical retailers have lined
up a fairly broad defensive strategy against the online behemoth. Many
retailers are promising to match online prices, or even taking it a step
further by offering same-day shipping in some markets (which is a day faster
than Amazon can usually offer). Still, Bezos was upbeat about the company’s
holiday prospects, and likely for good reason. Last year, Amazon’s revenue
grew 35 percent in Q4 compared to the same period in 2010 — double the rate of
the overall e-commerce market. “We’ve always been in a hyper-competitive
industry. That’s a good thing. It’s good for customers, and it’s good for the
companies who are forced to innovate,” he told Lauer. “We have to evolve, and
we are providing better customer service today than we ever have.” Bezos
appeared on “Today” freshly named as Fortune’s 2012 Businessperson of the Year
for his role as the “ultimate disrupter.” Here’s the interview, which is worth
watching to hear Lauer botching the name of Amazon’s best-selling Kindle
Paperwhite (a.k.a. the Paperweight): Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news,
world news, and news about the economy ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121116/amazons-bezos-knocking-on-wood-for-a-record-
holiday-season/feed/ 0 Marissa Mayer Will "Talk About Where She Is Taking
Yahoo" in First Media Interview Since Becoming CEO
http://allthingsd.com/20121105/marissa-mayer-will-talk-about-where-she-is-
taking-yahoo-in-first-media-interview-since-becoming-ceo/
http://allthingsd.com/20121105/marissa-mayer-will-talk-about-where-she-is-
taking-yahoo-in-first-media-interview-since-becoming-ceo/#comments Mon, 05 Nov
2012 22:59:21 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=266832 Marissa Mayer — the
typically press-loving Silicon Valley exec who has avoided much media
interaction since she took over as CEO of Yahoo — will be doing her first sit-
down interview at the end of the month at a Fortune magazine event. In the
chat, according to an invite for a November 27 Silicon Valley dinner for its
Most Powerful Women franchise, “she plans to talk about where she is taking
Yahoo and what excites her about the future of technology.” Pull up your
chairs, people! Actually, Mayer has recently spoken most specifically about
her plans for the long-troubled company, but it was more formally during
Yahoo’s third-quarter earnings call, in which she outlined a mobile-heavy
strategy and also a plan to make smaller acquisitions. “Yahoo will have to be
a predominantly mobile company,” she said then to Wall Street analysts, soon
after which she bought a tiny mobile start-up called Stamped. But Mayer has
yet to sit down live with a journalist — she had agreed to appear for a sit-
down stage interview at a recent TechCrunch Disrupt event, but she opted
instead to be a demo judge, where the former Google exec said nothing about
her new job at Yahoo. Mayer will presumably be doing just that with Fortune
editor-at-large Pattie Sellers, who helms the high-profile annual Most
Powerful Women conference and also the magazine’s list that featured Mayer on
the cover this year (see above). Sellers has also just written a profile of
Mayer titled “Ready to Rumble at Yahoo,” which did not include her
participation but did have quotes from one of her recent hires — Patricia Moll
Kriese — at Yahoo. But Sellers appears to be the only reporter that Mayer has
spoken to on the record since she got the job, although her comments in one
piece just after she got the job were mostly limited to the topic to her
pregnancy. Sellers also announced the name of Mayer’s baby — Macallister — in
another recent post. Presumably, Mayer will talk about her new son with
Sellers, but it will be interesting to see what she says about Yahoo, as well
as on the future of technology. At an annual Churchill Club gadget event the
techie did with Walt Mossberg and me in 2007, Mayer showed off a keyboard
whose keys had embedded LCD screens, a wireless rabbit, an alarm clock that
can jump off your nightstand and a T-shirt with a wireless signal locator in
it. Here is a video of her in full geek mode talking about that way back when:
]]> http://allthingsd.com/20121105/marissa-mayer-will-talk-about-where-she-is-
taking-yahoo-in-first-media-interview-since-becoming-ceo/feed/ 0 It's an
iStorm: Scott Forstall Out at Apple, Along With Retail Head, as Other Top
Execs Get Promotions http://allthingsd.com/20121029/breaking-scott-forstall-
out-at-apple-along-with-retail-head/ http://allthingsd.com/20121029/breaking-
scott-forstall-out-at-apple-along-with-retail-head/#comments Mon, 29 Oct 2012
21:10:44 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=264700 Big management shifts at Apple
are now taking place. Scott Forstall, the man in charge of its iOS mobile
software efforts and a major and longtime executive at the tech giant, is
leaving next year and will remain an adviser to CEO Tim Cook until then. In
addition, new retail head John Browett is headed out the door. As part of the
move, Apple noted that four key execs — Jony Ive, Bob Mansfield, Eddy Cue and
Craig Federighi — would “add responsibilities to their roles.” Ive gets “Human
Interface”; Cue will take over Maps and Siri voice recognition
responsibilities; Mansfield will run a new unit called Technologies, “which
combines all of Apple’s wireless teams across the company in one
organization”; and Federighi gets the big job of iOS and OS X. More to come on
what happened, but Forstall’s departure is very big news and a drastic move
for such an important player in the tech space. He had big fans and also many
detractors for his sharp-edged personality, as well as what some described as
exhibiting “growing open challenges” to Cook himself. Forstall had previously
been called “CEO-in-waiting” in one media account in Fortune. In addition,
numerous sources noted persistent tension between Forstall and several other
key execs, especially the powerful design chief Ive. Veiled internal politics
at Apple aside, Forstall has been a key part of Apple’s success over the last
decade, especially in the development iPad and the iPhone. Recently, there has
been some level of ire at Apple over the troubled rollout of its own mapping
software and the replacement of Google’s popular service, which was Forstall’s
responsibility. (No, this move does not mean everyone gets Google mapping
back, as one person asked me.) Browett’s leaving is a little less of a
surprise. Since he got the job, he has alienated many within the highly
successful retail organization at Apple, many sources said. His departure
comes less than one year after the former Dixons CEO was hired by Apple to
succeed Ron Johnson, who left for J.C. Penney in November 2011. Recently he’s
been criticized by some Apple Store employees for unfriendly policy changes
aimed at increasing Apple’s retail profit margins. More to come, obvi, but
here is the official press release from Apple, which it put out with the most
understated title of all time: Apple Announces Changes to Increase
Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services Jony Ive, Bob Mansfield,
Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi Add Responsibilities to Their Roles CUPERTINO,
California — October 29, 2012 — Apple® today announced executive management
changes that will encourage even more collaboration between the Company’s
world-class hardware, software and services teams. As part of these changes,
Jony Ive, Bob Mansfield, Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi will add more
responsibilities to their roles. Apple also announced that Scott Forstall will
be leaving Apple next year and will serve as an advisor to CEO Tim Cook in the
interim. “We are in one of the most prolific periods of innovation and new
products in Apple’s history,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The amazing
products that we’ve introduced in September and October, iPhone 5, iOS 6, iPad
mini, iPad, iMac, MacBook Pro, iPod touch, iPod nano and many of our
applications, could only have been created at Apple and are the direct result
of our relentless focus on tightly integrating world-class hardware, software
and services.” Jony Ive will provide leadership and direction for Human
Interface (HI) across the company in addition to his role as the leader of
Industrial Design. His incredible design aesthetic has been the driving force
behind the look and feel of Apple’s products for more than a decade. Eddy Cue
will take on the additional responsibility of Siri® and Maps, placing all of
our online services in one group. This organization has overseen major
successes such as the iTunes Store®, the App Store℠, the iBookstore℠ and
iCloud®. This group has an excellent track record of building and
strengthening Apple’s online services to meet and exceed the high expectations
of our customers. Craig Federighi will lead both iOS and OS X®. Apple has the
most advanced mobile and desktop operating systems, and this move brings
together the OS teams to make it even easier to deliver the best technology
and user experience innovations to both platforms. Bob Mansfield will lead a
new group, Technologies, which combines all of Apple’s wireless teams across
the company in one organization, fostering innovation in this area at an even
higher level. This organization will also include the semiconductor teams, who
have ambitious plans for the future. Additionally, John Browett is leaving
Apple. A search for a new head of Retail is underway and in the interim, the
Retail team will report directly to Tim Cook. Apple’s Retail organization has
an incredibly strong network of leaders at the store and regional level who
will continue the excellent work that has been done over the past decade to
revolutionize retailing with unique, innovative services for customers. Apple
designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X,
iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music
revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the
mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the
future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121029/breaking-scott-forstall-out-at-apple-along-
with-retail-head/feed/ 0 Viral Video: Carol Talks Marissa
http://allthingsd.com/20121009/viral-video-carol-talks-marissa/
http://allthingsd.com/20121009/viral-video-carol-talks-marissa/#comments Tue,
09 Oct 2012 07:54:49 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=258217 She’s back. Again!
Carol Bartz, that is. The former CEO of Yahoo, who was ousted in 2011 from
that job, was interviewed by Pattie Sellers at the recent Fortune Most
Powerful Women Summit. The range of topics included new Yahoo CEO Marissa
Mayer, her thoughts on board politics (she was ousted by Yahoo’s directors in
an epic manner), and much more. As usual, Bartz is riveting to watch: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121009/viral-video-carol-talks-marissa/feed/ 0 Here
Come the Inevitable Marissa Mayer Magazine Profiles -- As She Preps Her Quick
Return to Yahoo http://allthingsd.com/20121008/here-come-the-inevitable-
marissa-mayer-magazine-profiles-as-she-preps-her-quick-return-to-yahoo/
http://allthingsd.com/20121008/here-come-the-inevitable-marissa-mayer-
magazine-profiles-as-she-preps-her-quick-return-to-yahoo/#comments Mon, 08 Oct
2012 15:17:07 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=257839 New York magazine just
published what will doubtlessly be the first of many larger-scale profile
pieces on new Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer (Fortune’s at work on one, too). Titled
“Can Marissa Mayer Really Have It All?” New York’s version is a very solid and
fair effort that raises a lot of pertinent questions about the Silicon Valley
Internet giant’s latest leader. That, of course, includes pondering the high-
profile issues around her coping with a newborn (really new) and work; her
carefully crafted public glamour-geek-girl persona that is at odds with her
sometimes more tetchy private one; Mayer’s mostly-up-and-then-down-at-the-end
career at Google as a key exec; and the myriad challenges she faces in turning
around the long-troubled Yahoo. Writes Lisa Miller quite astutely: “This
newest version of Marissa, the mom-geek-CEO, will surely test Mayer’s
iterative powers, for she’s playing to a tougher crowd, one that won’t be
placated by tweets, Manolos, and rapturous praise for pineapple malts.” Indeed
not, which is why sources said Mayer is likely to begin to make postpartum
appearances back at Yahoo as early as this week. She delivered her first child
with husband Zach Bogue, whom she dubbed “Big Baby Boy Bogue,” on Sept. 30.
Among the initiatives she has been working on up to and after her son’s birth,
said numerous sources, is the redo of Yahoo’s powerful home page, a
reorganization of top management duties, and an announcement about whether it
will buy back shares or give a dividend from its recent multibillion-dollar
sale of part of its lucrative stake in China’s Alibaba Group. In addition,
said sources, Mayer is also putting into place her new methodology of keeping
track of employee performance and rewards. There is an all-hands meeting
scheduled today, in fact, apparently to go over the system, which Mayer spoke
about in her last all-hands meeting. The home page redo is also in the late-
stage works for unveiling soon, said sources. Those who have seen it said it
has a starker and simpler design ethos, and will stress user personalization,
customization and more social elements. It will also have ample opportunity
for third-party developers to offer a variety of services on it (maybe Mayer
can save Zynga by copying a little bit from Facebook!). The reorg will also be
interesting. Mayer has made a number of top exec appointments, including
adding a new CFO and head of HR. She will also be rejiggering other roles of
existing management. For example, expect tech and operations EVP David Dibble
— who got a mess of new responsibilities right before Mayer was appointed — to
have some of that dialed back. The disposition of all $3.6 billion of Alibaba
cash is perhaps the most immediate issue, especially for investors, who are
largely hoping for a buyback of stock. Such a move will likely cause Yahoo
shares to rise, as happened at AOL. That would be nice, since Yahoo stock has
stayed pretty flat since Mayer got to the company in July. (That compares,
ironically, to a 31 percent rise at Google since she left.) But Wall Street
analysts and others have been making bullish calls on Yahoo recently,
including CNBC’s screamy stock guru Jim Cramer of “Mad Money.” Boosted by the
growing value of its Asian assets — in China, as well as in Japan, which Yahoo
is trying to sell — and also anticipating some kind of magic mojo from Mayer,
price targets for Yahoo shares have been as high as $22. That was from Goldman
Sachs, which reinstated coverage of Yahoo with a “buy” rating recently.
Analyst Heath Terry noted that “while user engagement continues to decline,
the company lacks a mobile strategy and significant talent has left the
company, Yahoo still has hundreds of millions of users, valuable Web
properties, and the financial resources to fuel a potential turn around over
time.” Translated: Yahoo kinda stinks, but it still might be able to buy
itself out of this mess with a $10.6 billion pile of dough from Asia. All eyes
will be on the actual business Yahoo operates itself in two weeks on Oct. 22,
when the company announces third-quarter results. Sources said the quarter
will come in as expected, but will still tell a story of lackluster growth in
advertising, engagement and, well, every key part of its native offerings.
That said, Mayer is expected to be on the call — her first at Yahoo — to
outline her grand vision in more detail, as a spokeswoman has noted. That’s
good, since shiny profiles of her can only do so much. It’ll be nice to
finally hear her say something definitive in public about how she’s going to
fix the company that has given the mediagenic exec even more press. (And,
let’s hope, without the tweets, Manolos and pineapple malts.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121008/here-come-the-inevitable-marissa-mayer-
magazine-profiles-as-she-preps-her-quick-return-to-yahoo/feed/ 0 Fortune's
"Most Powerful Women" Features Techies: IBM's Rometty Tops List, but Yahoo's
Mayer Grabs Cover http://allthingsd.com/20120920/fortunes-most-powerful-women-
features-techies-ibms-rometty-tops-list-but-yahoos-mayer-grabs-cover/
http://allthingsd.com/20120920/fortunes-most-powerful-women-features-techies-
ibms-rometty-tops-list-but-yahoos-mayer-grabs-cover/#comments Thu, 20 Sep 2012
15:10:20 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=252466 Fortune magazine put out its
“50 Most Powerful Women in Business” list today, which was topped by IBM CEO
Ginni Rometty. The nod to the leader of the longtime tech giant was followed
by Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman at the No. 3 slot, Facebook COO Sheryl
Sandberg at No. 8 and Oracle president and CFO Safra Catz at No. 10. But it
was — shockeroo — media magnet Marissa Mayer who claimed the very elegant solo
photo on the cover (though it is from last year), as well as the No. 14 slot.
She is also the youngest woman on the list, at 37 years old. Mayer — the
former Google exec whom Fortune correctly characterized as having been
“somewhat marginalized” after 13 years at the search giant in its write-up —
took over the troubled Yahoo in July. Since then, she has been making a series
of dramatic cultural changes at the Silicon Valley Web icon as she preps for
the more structural ones to come soon (and perhaps even before her first child
is due in early October). Other tech stars on the list include Google SVP
Susan Wojcicki and IBM SVP Bridget Van Kralingen. The most interesting part of
the list, perhaps, is the fall of media giant Oprah Winfrey, who Fortune said
“is the only woman with a spot on this list since its inception.” She is now
in dead last at No. 50. Speaking of marginalizing —ouch! Fortune also has its
annual big conference coming up that is linked to the well-known list. It
takes place in early October and is run by longtime editor-at-large Pattie
Sellers, who is co-chair of the Fortune event, called the Most Powerful Women
Summit. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120920/fortunes-most-powerful-women-
features-techies-ibms-rometty-tops-list-but-yahoos-mayer-grabs-cover/feed/ 0
Warby Parker's Future So Bright It Raises $37 Million to Sell More Shades
http://allthingsd.com/20120910/warby-parkers-future-so-bright-it-
raises-37-million-to-sell-more-shades/ http://allthingsd.com/20120910/warby-
parkers-future-so-bright-it-raises-37-million-to-sell-more-shades/#comments
Mon, 10 Sep 2012 17:13:11 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=249229 Warby Parker,
which aims to build a trendy brand selling eyeglasses, has raised $36.8
million in venture capital, according to a regulatory filing. The filing was
first noticed by Fortune, which reports that General Catalyst Partners appears
to have led the round. Warby Parker previously raised about $12 million from
Tiger Global Management, First Round Capital, Lerer Ventures, SV Angel, Menlo
Ventures and Thrive Capital. The round, which is expected to close later this
year, could increase to as much as $40 million. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120910/warby-parkers-future-so-bright-it-
raises-37-million-to-sell-more-shades/feed/ 0 Tech Scores on Forbes' 100 Most
Powerful Women List: Gates, Sandberg, Mayer and More
http://allthingsd.com/20120826/tech-scores-on-forbes-100-most-powerful-women-
list-gates-sandberg-mayer-and-more/ http://allthingsd.com/20120826/tech-
scores-on-forbes-100-most-powerful-women-list-gates-sandberg-mayer-and-
more/#comments Sun, 26 Aug 2012 22:00:47 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=245121
Women in tech had a good showing on Forbes magazine’s 2012 “The World’s 100
Most Powerful Women” list, which came out this past week. Like the higher-
profile tally from Fortune, it features the female movers and shakers from a
variety of arenas. No. 1 on the list is German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who
has certainly had her hands full with the economic crisis in Europe this past
year. But women related to tech also were numerous in the group, so here’s the
rundown: No. 4: Melinda Gates, co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation No.
10: Sheryl Sandberg, COO, Facebook No. 15: Virginia Rometty, president and
CEO, IBM No. 17: Ursula Burns, president and CEO, Xerox No. 18: Meg Whitman,
CEO, Hewlett-Packard No. 21: Marissa Mayer, CEO, Yahoo No. 25: Susan Wojcicki,
SVP, Google No. 29: Arianna Huffington, editor-in-chief, Huffington Post Media
Group, AOL No. 48: Safra Katz, president and CFO, Oracle No. 49: Laurene
Powell Jobs, founder and chair, Emerson Collective No. 58: Padmasree Warrior,
CTO and chief strategy officer, Cisco No. 70: Sue Gardner, executive director,
WikiMedia Foundation No. 84: Mary Meeker, general partner, Kleiner Perkins ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120826/tech-scores-on-forbes-100-most-powerful-women-
list-gates-sandberg-mayer-and-more/feed/ 0 Why You're Not Getting a "Real"
Apple TV for Christmas http://allthingsd.com/20120824/why-youre-not-getting-a-
real-apple-tv-for-christmas/ http://allthingsd.com/20120824/why-youre-not-
getting-a-real-apple-tv-for-christmas/#comments Fri, 24 Aug 2012 16:28:11
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=244688 Track back a few months, and you’ll find
lots of assurances from professional Apple watchers that we’d see an Apple-
made TV set very soon. Perhaps this fall. Now the conventional wisdom has
shifted again: No TV set, and maybe very little else from Apple on the TV
front, in the near future. The newest version of this thought comes from
Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves, who met with Apple CFO Peter
Oppenheimer and media boss Eddy Cue on Wednesday. Here’s his takeaway on Apple
TV, published in a note yesterday, and first flagged by Fortune’s Philip
Elmer-DeWitt: An Apple Television Appears Extremely Unlikely in the Near-term
Relative to the television market, Eddy Cue, Apple SVP of Internet Software
and Services, reiterated the company’s mantra that it will enter markets where
it feels it can create great customer experiences and address key problems.
The key problems in the television market are the poor quality of the user
interface and the forced bundling of pay TV content, in our view. While Apple
could almost certainly create a better user interface, Mr. Cue’s commentary
suggested that this would be an incomplete solution from Apple’s perspective
unless it could deliver content in a way that is different from the current
multichannel pay TV model. Unfortunately for Apple and for consumers,
acquiring rights for traditional broadcast and cable network content outside
of the current bundled model is virtually impossible because the content is
owned by a relatively small group of companies that have little interest in
alternative models for their most valuable content. The differences in
regional broadcast content and the lack of scale internationally also create
significant hurdles that do not seem possible to cross at this point. Bear in
mind that the above is a mashup of Hargreaves’s analysis and guidance from
Apple executives. So you’ll have to do some guesswork to figure out exactly
what Apple is saying and not saying. But it makes perfect sense, because it’s
what Apple has been saying consistently when asked about Apple TV or any other
new product. And it also reflects the truth that anyone who has tried to
tackle a TV Of The Future has figured out: Making the tech work better is
(relatively) easy. Making the content work better is really hard. As Business
Insider’s Jay Yarow notes, Hargreaves’s takeaway is a bit different from the
newest round of Apple TV prognostication, kicked off by reporting in The Wall
Street Journal, which posits that Apple is no longer trying to “disrupt” TV,
but wants to work with the existing TV Industrial Complex, by making slight
tweaks to the model. But even that reporting suggests that Apple isn’t
anywhere close to getting buy-in from cable programmers or providers. And so
it can’t bring out new hardware — box, screen or otherwise — until it makes
progress there. That still doesn’t rule out any advances with Apple TV. It
would seem totally reasonable for Apple to open its existing Apple TV box to
outside developers, which would increase the utility of that hardware
significantly without requiring any buy-in from TV Land. Just as Apple TV
competitor Roku has already done. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120824/why-
youre-not-getting-a-real-apple-tv-for-christmas/feed/ 0 23 Things About Adam
Lashinsky http://allthingsd.com/20120718/23-things-about-adam-lashinsky/
http://allthingsd.com/20120718/23-things-about-adam-lashinsky/#comments Wed,
18 Jul 2012 17:02:40 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=231425 Adam Lashinsky is a
writer with bionic tendencies. He covers Silicon Valley and Wall Street for
Fortune, and is the author of the New York Times and Wall Street Journal
bestseller “Inside Apple: How America’s Most Admired — and Secretive — Company
Really Works.” He’s also co-chair of Fortune Brainstorm Tech, which runs
through today in Aspen, Colo. — and at which he moderated a fiery debate
between Peter Thiel and Eric Schmidt on Monday night. Below, he answers 23 of
our 25 questions, thereby proving that he’s a good sport as well as a family
man. What was your favorite TV show as a kid? “Six Million Dollar Man.” What
qualities do you like in a person? Intelligence. What qualities do you
dislike? Dishonesty. Name one thing you will regret never having done (if you
never do it). Taking a multiweek bike trip. What’s the single most important
issue in the world today? Hunger. Do you still buy CDs or rent DVDs? I still
rent DVDs from Netflix. What would you be doing if you were not in your
current job? I thought about being a history professor and would still
entertain that, but not at the expense of what I’m doing now. What is your
greatest achievement to date? Helping to raise Leah Rachel Lashinsky. iPhone,
Android or BlackBerry? iPhone. What site/app do you check first when you wake
up? I read three newspapers when I first wake up, before checking email or
looking at anything else electronic. What was your first computer? An IBM
laptop I bought to take to Japan in 1994. What was your biggest mistake? Not
moving to New York in my 20s or 30s. Do you have a dog or cat or other pet?
No. What’s your favorite mode of transportation? Walking. What was the last
book you read? “The Cat’s Table” by Michael Ondaatje. If you could have any
superpower, what would you choose? Instantaneous travel. I’d like to zap to
New York in seconds and be home for dinner. Name your favorite guilty
pleasure. Watching television. What was your biggest most recent purchase? A
“new” iPad for my wife. Whom do you idolize? Writers like Calvin Trillin and
Robert Caro. What do you drive/ride? I drive a 2001 Nissan Pathfinder. If you
could change one thing about yourself, what would it be? I’d like to find time
to read more books and watch more movies. Who was your biggest influence
growing up? My mother. Describe an ideal day. Up around 6 am to drink coffee
and read the papers by myself. Breakfast with my wife and daughter. Several
hours of work, a vigorous workout, lunch and dinner with my daughter. Seeing a
really good play or movie at night. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120718/23-things-about-adam-lashinsky/feed/ 1 New
CEO's Pregnancy Was Not an Issue for Yahoo Board
http://allthingsd.com/20120716/new-ceos-pregancy-not-an-issue-for-yahoo-board/
http://allthingsd.com/20120716/new-ceos-pregancy-not-an-issue-for-yahoo-
board/#comments Tue, 17 Jul 2012 03:23:55 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=230679 In weighing the selection of Marissa Mayer as
its new CEO, sources close to the board of Yahoo said that it did not consider
or even discuss the fact that she had informed them — as part of the process —
that she is currently pregnant. The issue is an interesting one, since she
will be one of the first tech CEOs appointed who is having a baby relatively
soon after she has taken on what is a very difficult job in turning around the
troubled Silicon Valley Internet giant. Many male CEOs have children while
running companies, of course, which some feel is the same situation. And, of
course, Mayer’s capabilities as a CEO have nothing to do with whether she has
kids or not, but the subject of gender has been a big topic of discussion and
debate in tech of late. And while it should go without saying that personal
issues should not make a difference, they often can and do. Not by the Yahoo
board, apparently, which weighed only Mayer’s techie credentials in selecting
her. “It was not part of the consideration,” said one person close to the
situation about the former Google exec. “Like every other professional woman,
she has to weigh all the factors in doing her job and having a family.” That
said, Mayer’s pregnancy puts into sharp relief the issues around women’s
leadership in tech. As the new CEO of Yahoo, she is now one of the most
prominent execs in the digital realm, joining both Facebook COO Sheryl
Sandberg and Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman. Sandberg has two small children
and has talked publicly about the difficulty of juggling a family with a
demanding job. Whitman’s children are adults, but she ran eBay when they were
younger and has also discussed those challenges in raising them while leading
a large company. The baby will be Mayer’s first and several sources said she
is due in the fall. I tried several times to reach Mayer for comment earlier
in the day about the issue, but she did not reply. That said — in an apparent
(and vain) attempt to show me what’s what and good luck with that — she did
confirm her pregnancy to Fortune magazine tonight. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120716/new-ceos-pregancy-not-an-issue-for-yahoo-
board/feed/ 0 Like We Said: Workday Will File for Its IPO This Summer
http://allthingsd.com/20120615/like-we-said-workday-will-file-for-its-ipo-
this-summer/ http://allthingsd.com/20120615/like-we-said-workday-will-file-
for-its-ipo-this-summer/#comments Fri, 15 Jun 2012 20:30:30 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=220733 Aneel BhusriWorkday, the cloud-based purveyor
of human-resources software, continues to rev up its engine for an initial
public offering that will take place in the fall. The latest hints on timing
come in the form of an extensive interview in Bloomberg Businessweek (the
magazine I used to work for) with co-CEOs Aneel Bhusri (pictured) and Dave
Duffield. Both are veterans of PeopleSoft, the HR software company that Oracle
acquired in a $10.3 billion hostile takeover in 2004. The magazine says that
Workday could file its S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as
soon as this month. That jibes more or less with what AllThingsD reported last
month when Workday selected the bankers that will shepherd it through the IPO
process: Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Allen & Company and J.P. Morgan Chase.
The process began in earnest after Workday hired away former VMware CFO Mark
Peek. Workdays plans still call for a fall road show, and then for the shares
to debut in October or December, depending on market conditions. The interview
is rather interesting. When Fortune Magazine profiled the Workday founders in
March, it portrayed the company as a means for Duffield and Bhusri to exact
some revenge on Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. In Bloomberg Businessweek, Duffield
all but thanks Ellison for the takeover drama: “You have to bless Larry’s
heart for giving us this opportunity. I would never have been part of this
Workday thing without Larry.” Ellison sure didn’t mince words when the subject
turned to Workday during his appearance at D: All Things Digital on May 30.
Asked during the Q&A; session about Workday, Ellison sought to take Workday to
the woodshed: “It’s going to be very interesting to monitor Workday. We
monitor Workday, and we beat Workday all the time.” He then went on to accuse
Workday of not using a database and using a Flash interface, making it useless
on an iPhone or iPad. That prompted Bhusri to respond via Twitter: Larry is
super entertaining. But, we run on #iPads, support HTML5 and use MySQL as a
database:-). @Workday #atd10 May 30, 2012 4:13 pm via Twitter for
iPhoneReplyRetweetFavorite @aneelb aneel bhusri What else do we learn about
Workday? It’s apparently on track to break $500 million in bookings —
essentially the combined value of multiyear contracts — this year. That’s in
line with the $320 million in 2011 bookings Bhusri told me he expected in
October of that year. No wonder that Workday has raised a combined $250
million in capital since Duffield and Bhusri started it up in 2005. The last
was an $85 million institutional round that valued Workday at $2 billion. That
round included T. Rowe Price, Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Janus, and
Bezos Expeditions, the personal investment entity of Amazon CEO and founder
Jeff Bezos. William Danoff, the manager of Fidelity’s $80 billion Contrafund,
the mutual fund giant’s largest stock-based fund, also participated in that
round. Other investors include Greylock Partners, where Bhusri is still a
partner, and New Enterprise Associates. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120615/like-we-said-workday-will-file-for-its-ipo-
this-summer/feed/ 0 Facebook (Eye)PO: Early Investor Reid Hoffman on Mission
Vs. Payday http://allthingsd.com/20120215/facebook-eyepo-early-investor-reid-
hoffman-on-mission-vs-payday/ http://allthingsd.com/20120215/facebook-eyepo-
early-investor-reid-hoffman-on-mission-vs-payday/#comments Wed, 15 Feb 2012
22:55:47 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=175032 With the seemingly endless
mishegas at Yahoo these days, I have taken my eye off the Facebook IPO ball.
(Eye)PO, get it!?! But I am back until the next stumble in HooVille, with this
interesting and short (and, I know, badly shot) video of Silicon Valley
entrepreneur and investor and VC and, now, author — is there anything he can’t
do? — Reid Hoffman. It’s from a talk he gave this week at a Fortune magazine
event in San Francisco with his co-author Ben Casnocha about their new book,
“The Start-up of You: Adapt to the Future, Invest in Yourself, and Transform
Your Career.” In the Q&A;, Fortune editor Andy Serwer asked Hoffman about the
pending Facebook initial public offering and he gave a typically sharp answer.
While Hoffman does not reveal any juicy deets about the social networking
giant, it’s an interesting take on the importance of focusing on “mission”
over the expected payday from the slot machine of Wall Street. Enjoy: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120215/facebook-eyepo-early-investor-reid-hoffman-on-
mission-vs-payday/feed/ 0 Pulling Back Apple's Magic Curtain: Fortune's
Lashinsky Talks About New Book (Video) http://allthingsd.com/20120124/pulling-
back-apples-magic-curtain-fortunes-lashinsky-talks-about-new-book-video/
http://allthingsd.com/20120124/pulling-back-apples-magic-curtain-fortunes-
lashinsky-talks-about-new-book-video/#comments Tue, 24 Jan 2012 18:01:37 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=166798 Yesterday, before he jetted off for a glam
trip to the tony World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, Fortune
magazine’s Adam Lashinsky met me at San Francisco International Airport to
talk about his new book, “Inside Apple: How America’s Most Admired — and
Secretive — Company Really Works.” An expansion of a well-read article that
Lashinsky wrote for the publication last year, the book debuts tomorrow from
Business Plus, an imprint of Hachette Book Group. It is the second tome to
come out of late about the iconic Silicon Valley company — the first, of
course, being Walter Isaacson’s biography of the late Apple CEO and co-founder
Steve Jobs, released in the fall by Simon & Schuster and written with Jobs’s
cooperation. Lashinsky got no such access to Jobs, or Apple, either, for his
deep inside look at the company. Given that Apple is notoriously secretive and
difficult to report about made the job harder still. Here’s Lashinsky in a
video interview, talking about how Apple does what it does, including the
prospects for its recently installed CEO Tim Cook: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120124/pulling-back-apples-magic-curtain-fortunes-
lashinsky-talks-about-new-book-video/feed/ 0 Get Your Zombie-Eaten Brain Ready
for Some Big-Think Tech Books http://allthingsd.com/20111228/get-your-zombie-
eaten-brain-ready-for-some-big-think-tech-books/
http://allthingsd.com/20111228/get-your-zombie-eaten-brain-ready-for-some-big-
think-tech-books/#comments Wed, 28 Dec 2011 15:18:04 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=157560 First off: I can reassure all my readers that
I will not be coming out with an opus on Yahoo’s turmoil in 2012. Nor rounding
out a trilogy of books on AOL in 2013, for that matter, full of lessons
learned and bridges burned. But that’s not true for other players in Silicon
Valley, including three sure-to-be prominent books coming out in the next
three months. First off, on Jan. 25, will be the work of Fortune magazine
writer Adam Lashinsky, who turned his cover story on the inside workings of
Apple into a book called … “Inside Apple.” The subtitle, “How America’s Most
Admired — and Secretive — Company Really Works,” promises the “secret systems,
tactics and leadership strategies that allowed Steve Jobs and his company to
churn out hit after hit and inspire a cult-like following for its products.”
Apparently, we’re all about to find out about concepts like the “DRI” — or
assigning a Directly Responsible Individual to every task (which I call DYS,
or Do Your Story, here at AllThingsD); and the Top 100, “an annual ritual in
which 100 up-and-coming executives are tapped a la Skull & Bones for a secret
retreat with company founder Steve Jobs.” Sadly, not anymore on that retreat,
but I am still looking forward to reading more about the management techniques
of the late tech visionary. On Valentines Day, well-known VC, entrepreneur and
Start-Up Whisperer Reid Hoffman’s book with co-author Ben Casnocha also comes
out, touting lessons from Silicon Valley. Titled “The Start-up of You: Adapt
to the Future, Invest in Yourself, and Transform Your Career,” it is described
as a “blueprint for thriving in your job and career in today’s challenging
world of work by applying the lessons of Silicon Valley’s most innovative
entrepreneurs.” Let’s hope it’s not the dudes from Color handing out the
advice! According to the authors, “the key is to manage your career as if it
were a start-up business: a living, breathing, growing start-up of you.” If I
were a start-up, I would sell virtual doughnuts. Hey Reid, gimme a badillion
dollars! Finally, on March 12, the grumpy investor Peter Thiel teams with
entrepreneur Max Levchin and chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov for “The
Blueprint: Reviving Innovation, Rediscovering Risk, and Rescuing the Free
Market.” It’s funny that they, and also Hoffman, are using the hopelessly
analog term “blueprint,” but I like the retro feel. No surprise, Thiel’s posse
is unhappy with the pace of innovation, presumably underwhelmed by “Plants vs.
Zombies” compared to the internal combustion engine. “Challenging the notion
that we are living in an age of technological progress, three of the world’s
most original thinkers demonstrate that we have become a risk-averse society,
hobbled by tort laws and government regulations, short-term financial
thinking, and mind-numbing complacency,” the book’s description reads. “Eager
to end ‘paper entrepreneurialism’ and avoid another financial meltdown, they
propose that we expand research and development in breakthrough ‘disruptive
technologies,’ create millions of jobs through science-based engineering and
genuine innovation, shore up our crumbling infrastructure, stop squandering
money on misspent ‘horizontal education,’ and restore financial discipline.”
Phew! And here I was very pleased that I can Instagram filtered pictures of my
dinner last night around the world. In any case, before the zombies arrive to
steal them, get your brains ready to think big thoughts. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20111228/get-your-zombie-eaten-brain-ready-for-some-big-
think-tech-books/feed/ 0 Meet Billy, the Bison Mark Zuckerberg Shot and Hung
On Sheryl Sandberg's Wall http://allthingsd.com/20111216/the-really-tall-tale-
of-what-happened-to-billy-the-bison-after-he-met-mark-zuckerberg/
http://allthingsd.com/20111216/the-really-tall-tale-of-what-happened-to-billy-
the-bison-after-he-met-mark-zuckerberg/#comments Fri, 16 Dec 2011 20:00:13
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=154495 Remember when Fortune magazine wrote in
September that Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg had reportedly
bagged a bison as part of a “personal challenge” to eat only what he had
killed? Well, proof of that is hard to miss, now that the ginormous mounted
head of said dead bison has been hung on the wall of a Facebook conference
room used by the social networking site’s COO Sheryl Sandberg. Zuckerberg
placed it there recently as a prank, to surprise his top exec with the
installation of the very hairy bison when she was away from Facebook’s Silicon
Valley HQ. And surprised she was when she got back and was faced with the
creature, which pretty much takes up the whole room, as you can see above and
below. (And, let me just say on a personal level, like a digital version of
the “Murder She Wrote” lady, solving the mystery of this geek-on-bison killing
is a whole lot more satisfying than getting a pile of internal Yahoo memos.)
The bison has now been nicknamed Billy and also sports a Facebook-branded
baseball cap and occasional hoodie — natch! (My suggestion if you want to use
a dead beast metaphor most effectively here would be to clad it all in Google
swag.) While he never confirmed it, Zuckerberg had teased the crowd about the
possibility of his hunting prowess at the f8 developers conference this fall
in his keynote speech, displaying his Facebook page that had a picture of what
he had tagged “Bison Burgers.” In fact, it’s been quite a lot of bison for the
famous entrepreneur since he felled the majestic beast. According to
Wikipedia, bison usually weigh 700 to 2,200 pounds, but can be as much as
3,800 pounds. That’s a lot of burgers! To get them, Zuckerberg learned the
most humane approach and then shot the beast in California, after obtaining a
hunting license and, presumably, a very big gun. Clearly, he was serious when
he told Fortune in May that “the only meat I’m eating is from animals I’ve
killed myself.” Among the early victims, which grew in size, were a lobster, a
chicken, a pig and a goat. At this time, the Winklevii are still roaming the
plains — and it would be illegal and just plain mean on Zuckerberg’s part to
frag them any more than he already has. So, he went for the bison, the next
biggest beast in his cross-hairs. Its head will be moved to Facebook’s new
headquarters today along with the rest of the company, who will now work in
spacious new digs. Which, I am told, could easily fit a herd of elephants —
but let’s not go there. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20111216/the-really-tall-
tale-of-what-happened-to-billy-the-bison-after-he-met-mark-zuckerberg/feed/ 0
Sorry, Folks, Bill Gates Is Not Coming Back to Microsoft
http://allthingsd.com/20111208/sorry-folks-bill-gates-is-not-coming-back-to-
microsoft/ http://allthingsd.com/20111208/sorry-folks-bill-gates-is-not-
coming-back-to-microsoft/#comments Thu, 08 Dec 2011 21:05:17 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=152036 While it is fun to play “what if” games, the
fact is that Bill Gates is not planning a return to Microsoft, the software
giant he founded with Paul Allen decades ago. Folks are getting worked up
about a Fortune magazine piece that speculates on what a Bill Gates comeback
might look like and suggests the billionaire is pondering such a move. But
there’s no truth to that, according to Larry Cohen, Gates’s chief of staff,
who I just chatted with by phone. In fact, Gates does part-time work for
Microsoft and has ever since stepping away from his day job there. But his
full-time gig is as a philanthropist overseeing the Bill & Melinda Gates
Foundation. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20111208/sorry-folks-bill-gates-is-not-
coming-back-to-microsoft/feed/ 0 Karate Kid II: This Time It's the Nerdy
Facebook Kid Vs. the Nerdy Google Kid! (And I Am Rooting for Neither)
http://allthingsd.com/20111104/karate-kid-ii-this-time-its-the-nerdy-facebook-
kid-vs-the-nerdy-kid-and-i-am-rooting-for-neither/
http://allthingsd.com/20111104/karate-kid-ii-this-time-its-the-nerdy-facebook-
kid-vs-the-nerdy-kid-and-i-am-rooting-for-neither/#comments Fri, 04 Nov 2011
18:46:59 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=140699 What is it about using the
karate metaphor to depict Silicon Valley infighting between tech geeks? In
March of 2010 , the New York Times used the ju-jitsu theme to depict the fight
between Google and Apple over smartphones. As you can see below, the late
Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs faces off with an iPad and iPhone against
then-CEO (and now Executive Chairman) Eric Schmidt, who is armed with an
Android device. Jobs gets to do the cool, in-the-air kick. Now, this week, on
the cover of Fortune magazine, it is Facebook’s CEO and co-founder Mark
Zuckerberg doing the floating hi-yaaa against Google CEO and co-founder Larry
Page. Leaving aside the fact that neither ever wears suits to do anything, let
alone karate, it’s almost exactly the same, as you can see below. Personally,
I would have used Nerf guns at dawn. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20111104/karate-kid-ii-this-time-its-the-nerdy-facebook-
kid-vs-the-nerdy-kid-and-i-am-rooting-for-neither/feed/ 0 Zuckerberg Tops
Fortune's 40 Under 40 List http://allthingsd.com/20111020/zuckerberg-tops-
fortunes-40-under-40-list/ http://allthingsd.com/20111020/zuckerberg-tops-
fortunes-40-under-40-list/#comments Thu, 20 Oct 2011 11:00:34 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=134544 This year Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg ranks
first on the Fortune 40 under 40 list, moving up a spot to displace 2010’s top
pick, his mentor Marc Andreessen, who no longer qualifies. Following
Zuckerberg in the No. 2 spot is Google CEO Larry Page, who’s been broken out
from his usual pairing with co-founder Sergey Brin. Brin’s down at No. 11 this
year, followed by fellow Googler Marissa Mayer at No. 20. Entirely absent from
the 2011 list are Twitter co-founders Evan Williams and Biz Stone, who shared
the No. 3 spot in 2010. They’ve since left the company and are back undercover
working on new start-up projects together at Obvious. Other featured techies
this year include Jack Dorsey of Square and Twitter (8), Spotify’s Daniel Ek
(18), Groupon’s Andrew Mason (27), Foursquare’s Dennis Crowley (28), Dropbox’s
Drew Houston and Arash Ferdowski (29), Facebook’s Carolyn Everson (35),
Opower’s Dan Yates and Alex Laskey (36), and Instagram’s Kevin Systrom (39).
The 40 under 40 issue hits newsstands on Oct. 24. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20111020/zuckerberg-tops-fortunes-40-under-40-list/feed/
0