Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer Success Success Stories Reviews Services
Football Team Tackles Big Data With Greater Visibility Bottom-To-Top Insights
Give an Operational Advantage for Arizona Cardinals English, British – ANZ
English, British – UK Every year working in the NFL, we always have new
challenges. Sometimes it’s the seasonal headcount by department, the number of
events at the stadium, the new opponents that we’re playing at our stadium, or
where we have to go the next year for the football season. No matter what,
Adaptive Insights allows us the flexibility to make those decisions and plan
for a successful season. Justin Saltzman, Accounting Manager A successful
sports season takes making plays beyond the field. Professional football team
Arizona Cardinals sought visibility into the expenses and revenue streams
behind the scenes, including its television department, stadium video board,
and even Big Red, the team mascot. The intuitive interface of Adaptive
Insights enabled budget managers across the organization to plug-and-play
data. Insights from the ground up position the executive management team to
make data-driven decisions for a win beyond the scoreboard. Challenges Lengthy
budgeting process using spreadsheets Needed a solution that first meets the
needs of budget collaborators, rather than accounting Integrate fluctuating or
unplanned seasonal expenses, including hires, travel and stadium events
Results Greater visibility into data across departments, empowering the top
management with deeper insights User-friendly features enable budget managers
to easily record data Cloud-based software allows immediate accessibility to
financial information About: The Cardinals, founded in 1898 and a charter
member of the National Football League, hold the distinction of being the
oldest continuously run professional football franchise in the nation. After
28 years in St. Louis, the Cardinals relocated to Arizona in the spring of
1988 and made Sun Devil Stadium on the campus of Arizona State University
their new home. Location: Tempe, AZ Industry: Other Every year working in the
NFL, we always have new challenges. Sometimes it’s the seasonal headcount by
department, the number of events at the stadium, the new opponents that we’re
playing at our stadium, or where we have to go the next year for the football
season. No matter what, Adaptive Insights allows us the flexibility to make
those decisions and plan for a successful season. Justin Saltzman, Accounting
Manager Watch Demo Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor
Finance for Sales Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col
2SolutionsChallenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer
SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training &
Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO
Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts
White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu
Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin
twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy
Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA
94303 ×Close