WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Lauren Goode ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @LaurenGoode
Recent Posts by Lauren Goode Letters From SXSW: How to Be “Disruptive” March
12, 2012 at 4:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print In the tech industry, we hear the
term “disruptive” a lot. But what does it take to really disrupt a category of
technology? It’s certainly not easy — the road to disruption can be paved with
premature launches, faulty products, tepid or negative consumer reaction and
lawsuits — and that’s usually after years of research and development and
dollars spent. The minds behind Jawbone, the Nest thermostat and the new Lytro
camera came together on Monday to discuss this exact topic on a SXSW
Interactive panel. All agreed on two points: Good design is critical, and even
if you’re a hardware company, you’re not just a hardware company anymore. “The
way we see it, it’s hardware and software services,” said Matt Rogers, co-
founder of Nest, which late last year launched a new “smart” thermostat. “You
have to think of how these pieces tie together: When you pair it with your
iPhone, how’s it going to work? And that’s incredibly difficult, some of the
most difficult engineering we’ve done.” For Ren Ng, founder and chief
executive of Lytro, introducing a new type of camera meant not only designing
a new light-capturing sensor, but also creating an entirely new form factor.
“You can’t just build software, because it’s connecting an entirely new kind
of data inside. So, for us, it was clear that we had to build new hardware,
too.” Jawbone, which is known for products pairing audio technology with
hardware devices, said technology companies have to deliver a complete
experience that’s cohesive to consumers. “The barrier to entry for hardware
has come down, but the barrier to great hardware has not actually gone down,
and I think that’s given a false sense of hope to some people,” said Travis
Bogard, Jawbone’s vice president of product management. Jawbone, which uses
expensive medical-grade plastic in its best-selling Jambox speaker, recently
faced its first major setback with hardware — and complementary software —
when it was forced to pause production on its UP wristband and fix its
companion iPhone app. “It means putting cost and good design into products,”
Bogard said. “These are not easy decisions to make.” And while many tech
entrepreneurs hold Apple products up as the pinnacle of design, these
“disruptors” said that reaching almost-perfection means killing your design
darlings — often many times over. Bogard said that with the UP wristband,
Jawbone was actually set to launch the product six months earlier than it did,
but the company decided the band needed to be 30 percent smaller. Nest’s
Rogers said the company threw away many designs before settling on “the one.”
“To take something you think is beautiful, and say it’s not good enough yet,
and throw it away, it takes a lot of effort,” Rogers said. “It’s emotionally
intensive, and it’s also cost-intensive. It’s impossible to get to perfection,
but as entrepreneurs and designers, that’s what we strive for.” RELATED POSTS:
The Homeless Defend Becoming Hotspots Pinterest CEO Ben Silbermann’s Lesson
for Start-Ups: Go Your Own Way The Best and Weirdest Requests and Errands at
SXSW From Zaarly, TaskRabbit and Others Al Gore and Sean Parker Blame TV and
Money for Ruining Politics, and Say Social Media Ought to Fix It Letters From
SXSW: How to Be “Disruptive” SXSW News: Jerry Levin’s StartUp Health Academy
for Entrepreneurs Announces First Class The Best (And Worst) Marketing Gimmick
in Austin Forget Cleantech — It’s Cleanweb at SXSW Houston Comes to Austin as
Kara Swisher Talks Lessons Learned with Dropbox CEO After Nearly Doubling Its
Userbase in Three Months, Instagram Will Finally Come to Android The Power of
Power at South By Southwest How Jimmy Fallon Uses the Nike FuelBand (It’s
Naughty, Of Course) Gawker Will Deputize Commenters, Says Sheriff Nick Denton
Microsoft’s Danah Boyd: Social Media Makes the World More Fearful Etsy CEO on
Building a Lean Start-Up: Deploy, Deploy, Deploy South By Southwest Parties
On, Despite the Rain At SXSW, Joi Ito Invites Tech Entrepreneurs Into the MIT
Media Lab Texas Gov. Rick Perry Drops In on South By Southwest Can Playing
More Games Make Your Life “SuperBetter”? Jane McGonigal Thinks So. Google’s
Vic Gundotra on Why Plus Isn’t a Minus Rain Douses Austin as Crowds Flood Into
SXSW Checking In and Checking Out South by Southwest SXSW Serendipity Gets Yet
Another Helper: Kismet The Essential SXSW Tech Tool Kit Geek in the Heart of
Texas: AllThingsD at SXSW 2012 Tagged with: apps, camera, disruption,
hardware, Jambox, Jawbone, light field, Lytro, Matt Rogers, Nest, product, Ren
Ng, software, speaker, SXSW, thermostat, Travis Bogard, up What You Need to
Know About Online Gift-Card Exchanges December 30, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Kids Get
New Tablets Over the Holidays? Here’s How to Lock ’Em Down. December 27, 2013
at 5:00 am PT Motorola’s Moto G Might Stand for “Great” Budget Phone December
23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Sony Updates Lens-Style Camera to Include Photo
Gallery, Better Connectivity December 19, 2013 at 9:30 am PT The NeatConnect
Scanner Is a Cloud-Connected Guilty Pleasure December 16, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version