Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Partnerships
Neoantigen Directed T-Cell Therapies Cancer Cellular Therapy Adaptive and
Genentech collaborate to develop personalized cellular therapies for the
treatment of cancer Adaptive has partnered* with Genentech, a member of the
Roche Group, to develop, manufacture, and commercialize novel neoantigen
directed T-cell therapies for the treatment of a broad range of cancers. We
are building a transformational new treatment paradigm to tailor cellular
therapy for each patient’s individual cancer. In this partnership, Adaptive
will screen and identify in real-time the best T-cell receptors (TCRs)
targeting a patient’s specific neoantigens. Genentech will use these patient-
specific TCRs to engineer and manufacture a personalized cellular medicine and
deliver it to each patient. The goal is to harness the vast majority of
therapeutically relevant, patient-specific neoantigens and advance the next
generation of cellular therapies in oncology. The collaboration will also
support the clinical development of “off-the-shelf” TCR-based cellular
therapies, where Adaptive will use its investigational TruTCR platform to
screen and identify TCRs against shared cancer antigens from blood of healthy
donors. Genentech will use these TCRs to develop and manufacture “off-the
shelf” cell therapy products. KEY TERMS: T-cell: A type of immune cell that
recognizes signals of disease, called antigens; T-cell receptor (TCR): A
protein found on the surface of T-cells that recognizes antigens; Neoantigens:
proteins generated by tumor-specific mutations not present in normal tissues.
Adaptive will continue to use its TCR discovery and immune profiling platform
outside of this collaboration for the development of cellular therapies in
other disease areas, including autoimmune conditions and infectious diseases.
For more information: Contact us *The completion of the agreement is subject
to customary closing conditions, including clearance under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, and is expected to occur in the first
quarter of 2019. Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988
Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products &
ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ®
Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular
Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur
Story Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All
Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy
HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses