WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Facebook’s Rose: Content
Discovery Has Always Been Social, and It Always Will Be February 12, 2013 at
9:27 am PT Tweet Share Print Facebook likes to think of itself as a gateway to
the huge markets that have arisen around the social graphs of its users.
There’s no arguing with that. Facebook’s audience is a massive one, and
there’s obvious value in reaching it. The question is, how do companies do
that, and do it effectively? As VP of partnerships at Facebook, Dan Rose is
charged with convincing media companies that Facebook’s audience is one worth
reaching, and then delivering on that promise. Not always a sure thing, as
Facebook’s high-profile falling out with General Motors last year shows.
During a wide-ranging interview at D: Dive Into Media, Rose talked about how
Facebook views media, and how media should view Facebook. “Facebook is
primarily two core pillars — identity and sharing,” Rose said, adding that
both pillars are part of Facebook’s media pitch. “From an identity
perspective, so much of who we are and how we identify ourselves comes from
what we read and what we watch,” Rose continued. “So our identity platform
can’t be complete without media being part of it. Similarly, the sharing piece
can’t be complete without status updates about news stories, music friends are
listening to, updates about movies people are seeing.” The high-level
principle driving this is the idea of finding the perfect balance between
great user experience and delivering audience to platform partners. “At its
core, what we’re really striving to do is find the perfect equilibrium from a
great user experience and a strong platform that developers and partners will
continue to invest in,” Rose said. “… We need to keep the news feed
interesting, and one of the ways we do that is through media.” At the same
time, however, Rose said Facebook must “honor” content, and presumably
appetite for audience and buzz that’s ever-present behind it. “We think it’s
our job to honor content,” Rose said. “Media content deserves to be honored
and respected in the news feed. For example, we recently increased the size of
images from media partners. That’s more engaging for users, and for partners
it’s great, because click-throughs and engagement increased.” Media content
also deserves to be consumed, says Rose. And here, too, Facebook plays a big
role, and hopes to play an even bigger one in the future. “How did you hear
about ‘Downton Abbey’?” Rose asked. “I discovered it on Facebook. I kept
seeing it pop up in my news feed. The simple fact is most of us find the TV
shows we enjoy by listening to suggestions from our friends. That’s the
primary discovery mechanism for content right now. Imagine a future, though,
in which you turn on the TV and see a feed of all the shows your friends
watch. We think that’s a very compelling idea. Content discovery always has
been and always will be social.” Additional Notes From the Session On mobile:
“So many things are unlocked on mobile. You don’t bring your computer to a
restaurant or a party.” On Zynga: “I don’t think we walked away from Zynga at
all. They built a large and successful business on our platform. … We still
spend a lot of time with Zynga.” On Instagram: In the past, Facebook acquired
small companies for talent, with Instagram being the first company it bought
for the product. However, Rose said that more deals for product and
technologies are likely. Tagged with: advertising, content, content discovery,
Dan Rose, Downton Abbey, Facebook, marketing, Media, Mobile, partnerships,
Social, video Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders
December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49
am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT
BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am
PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05
pm PT D: Dive Into Media All D Conferences Coverage About Conference App Live
Stream Location Media Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Dive
Into Media (2012) Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7
D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010
Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference
Mailing List Sign up for News about D Conferences Subscribe AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version