WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Tricia Duryee UrbanSitter’s Social Babysitting Service Granted $1.75
Million in Allowance January 23, 2012 at 7:00 am PT Tweet Share Print
UrbanSitter, which may become the high-tech version of “The Baby-Sitters
Club,” now has a bigger allowance with which to operate. The San Francisco-
based company is somewhat similar to the teen-oriented book series by Ann M.
Martin, in which a group of middle-school students help parents find
babysitters. But in this version, instead of an elaborate phone tree, it uses
modern communication tools like Facebook. The UrbanSitter site helps parents
find sitters based on their availability, and even on their experience working
for Facebook friends and friends of friends. UrbanSitter has secured $1.75
million in seed funding from First Round Capital. Rustic Canyon Partners,
Menlo Ventures and several angels also participated. In September,
AllThingsD’s Liz Gannes reported that the company had launched in one market,
and had assisted with 300 babysitting bookings. Since then, it has expanded to
San Diego, Napa and Sonoma Valleys, Seattle, Boulder and Lake Tahoe. Next
month, it will roll out in New York, Chicago, Denver and St. Louis. The
funding will be used for product development, such as mobile bookings, and new
features, including online payments to sitters. The capital will also go
toward expansion into new cities. Tagged with: allowance, Ann M. Martin,
babysitter, Facebook, First Round Capital, investors, Liz Gannes, Menlo
Ventures, parents, Rustic Canyon Partners, social networking, The Baby-Sitters
Club, UrbanSitter, VC Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version