AllThingsD » Mike McCue http://allthingsd.com Wed, 19 Feb 2014 15:45:11 +0000
en-US hourly 1 https://wordpress.org/?v=4.3.16
http://allthingsd.com/theme/images/logo-rss.jpg All Things Digital
http://allthingsd.com/ 144 22 Exclusive: Flipboard Raises $50 Million More on
$800 Million Valuation http://allthingsd.com/20130923/exclusive-flipboard-
raises-50-million-more-on-800-million-valuation/
http://allthingsd.com/20130923/exclusive-flipboard-raises-50-million-more-
on-800-million-valuation/#comments Mon, 23 Sep 2013 14:00:54 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=360164 According to sources close to the situation,
Flipboard has raised $50 million in new funding, in a round led by Rizvi
Traverse Management and Goldman Sachs. The new funding puts the valuation of
the Silicon Valley startup that makes the popular social reading service at
$800 million, said sources. Flipboard declined to comment on any recent
fundraising, which I have been tracking for some time, after I heard that big
private equity firms were sniffing around the deal. Rizvi, a multibillion-
dollar investment fund which is run by under-the-radar Suhail Rizvi, has
investments in Twitter, Facebook and, most recently, Square. In addition,
sources said, current investors, including venture firms Kleiner Perkins and
Index Ventures, are also participating, while Insight Venture Partners is
taking an even larger stake in Flipboard. Flipboard’s last round of funding
was in mid-2011, when it raised $50 million at a $200 million valuation. That
came after a $10.5 million initial round. Co-founded by longtime entrepreneur
Mike McCue and former Apple iPhone engineer Evan Doll in 2010, Flipboard has
been attempting to make online content consumption more accessible and,
perhaps most importantly, visually arresting, via its rich app. It pulls
information from media feeds and social sites, such as Twitter and Facebook
data streams, and then reassembles it in an easy-to-navigate, personalized
format in a mobile — and now a desktop — touchscreen environment. Over the
last several years, Flipboard has evolved quickly to add more features, such
as a recent one that allows users and publishers to create their own online
“magazines” of favorite content. McCue recently said that three million such
magazines have been created. For example, Random House said last week that it
will be making two such custom digital magazines for fans of the writers
George R.R. Martin and Margaret Atwood, his on his popular “Song of Ice and
Fire” books, and hers on her new novel, “MaddAdam.” After starting on the
Apple iOS platform, Flipboard has also created apps for more devices, and also
for the Google Android mobile operating system. It is likely to also develop
an app for Microsoft’s Windows Phone. Flipboard has a myriad of competitors,
including Google’s Currents, as well as smaller mostly media-focused reading
apps like Zite, Circa and others. But Flipboard is the most high-profile and
popular, with McCue saying recently that it has 85 million users. Its revenue
is derived from advertising splits with publishers for ads it places on
Flipboard pages, although it is not clear how lucrative that business is as
yet. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130923/exclusive-flipboard-raises-50-million-
more-on-800-million-valuation/feed/ 0 Evernote's Phil Libin and Flipboard's
Mike McCue on iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks
http://allthingsd.com/20130611/evernotes-phil-libin-and-flipboards-mike-mccue-
on-ios-7-and-os-x-mavericks/ http://allthingsd.com/20130611/evernotes-phil-
libin-and-flipboards-mike-mccue-on-ios-7-and-os-x-mavericks/#comments Tue, 11
Jun 2013 19:37:52 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=330819 It’s easy to tell what
Apple thinks of iOS 7, with everyone from Tim Cook on down praising it as the
biggest thing since the iPhone. To get a reality check, we chatted just after
the keynote finished with two prominent Apple developers: Evernote CEO Phil
Libin and Flipboard CEO Mike McCue. Both liked what they saw, but said they
needed more details to really know what it means for them. As for Libin, the
one thing he’s certain of is that he is going to get the new Mac Pro that
Apple premiered at the conference. Here are his answers to a few other
questions. Have they made life easier for you as a developer? Libin: We’re
never looking for our life to be made easier. I’ve never been this excited
about just how much work is ahead of us over the next couple months. We are
going to rethink a lot of things with iOS 7, but I think it is going to be
great. What are the biggest opportunities? The whole look is different. That’s
not just changing the icon. It’s rethinking every part of the app. It’s going
to be a total overhaul just to make the app worthy of the new iOS. But also a
bunch of the capabilities sound really exciting. I’m really interested to see
what the new multitasking APIs are. That’s one thing we’ve always wanted more
on the phones on iOS — better background processing, better multitasking, a
bit more connections with other services or other apps. We’ll see what we can
do there. Were there any features you hoped for you didn’t see? I try to keep
my expectations pretty open-ended, since guessing what they are going to do is
pretty random. I was happy to see the redesign was not just cosmetic. What
about on the Mac? Were there any changes there for what you guys do? I’m
definitely going to get the new Mac Pro as soon as I can get it. That was
pretty sweet. The new OS X — it seems like a bunch of incremental
improvements. The things we use in OS X that are getting better are
notifications. … I’d love to see how we can play with the new maps, if maybe
we can integrate with the tag system they have — if we can make Evernote tags
[work] with the Finder tabs they have. Update: I followed up with Libin to see
what he was thinking a day later. “I’ve had some time to play with iOS 7 now
and it’s confirmed my initial reaction: This is a very big deal for us,” he
said. “We’re going to have to do a serious redesign of our apps to really take
advantage of the new capabilities, but it’ll lead to a much better product.
Lots of work, lots of excitement.” Asa Mathat | D: All Things Digital As for
Flipboard’s McCue, he said the new software was inspiring to him as both a
developer and user and that “everybody has to step up their game a bit.”
Here’s what he had to say in response to our questions. Was there anything
specific in iOS 7 for you? Are there new opportunities created? McCue:
Multitasking for me. I need to get a little bit more detail. To the extent we
can do some things like downloading in the background, that’s absolutely huge.
There’s a lot of great new UI stuff. I think the clean look of iOS is very
compatible with how we think of things. I loved the notifications integration
into OS X. Would you do an OS X version of Flipboard? It’s certainly one of
the most requested things we have on our list. Certainly we’ve thought about
it quite some time, but we’ll have to see. Were you at all concerned with the
new reading list feature where you go from one story recommended by your
friends to another? Obviously some people use Flipboard for that. Not really.
There’s all sorts of different capabilities that are built into browsers these
days that let you do that kind of stuff. Flipboard, especially today, has
evolved into a whole ecosystem of people building magazines and sharing
content. I think more ways to see your tweets integrated into the OS is a good
thing overall. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130611/evernotes-phil-libin-and-
flipboards-mike-mccue-on-ios-7-and-os-x-mavericks/feed/ 0 Everybody's a
Curator: Flipboard's Mike McCue Talks About New Version of Social Magazine
(Video) http://allthingsd.com/20130326/everybodys-a-curator-flipboards-mike-
mccue-talks-about-new-version-of-social-magazine-video/
http://allthingsd.com/20130326/everybodys-a-curator-flipboards-mike-mccue-
talks-about-new-version-of-social-magazine-video/#comments Wed, 27 Mar 2013
01:01:36 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=306686 There’s no doubt that the
highly-valued Flipboard has been at the forefront of social publishing. With
its popular app for the Apple iPhone and iPads, the Silicon Valley startup now
has 50 million readers, who use it to elegantly consume content from Facebook,
Twitter and a myriad of sources from all over the Web. Now, in its new second
version, the company is moving from a show-me paradigm to a make-something
one, allowing users to “create magazines,” according to Flipboard. In fact,
that’s a bit of a broad definition of create — Flipboard 2.0 is more about
allowing regular people or professional publishers to curate any kind of
magazine in any niche. For example, in testing the app, I made a magazine
about Pop-Tarts. (Does anyone have a problem with that?) Using a new “plus”
button and a pretty easy interface, it is meant to take self-expression to new
levels using video, images, text and even music. To help grow audiences for
these quasi-creators, as well as find stuff to use, Flipboard has also
launched a new content search feature. There should be some fun stuff created
to keep users flipping on the service, but it’s clear the offering is also a
lot about finding more revenue for the startup. Using specialized magazines,
for example, publishers can instantly create one-offs of previously published
content — from Vanity Fair’s “Royal Weddings” to Martha Stewart Living’s “Home
How-Tos” — and presumably sell advertising against it. Flipboard has also
partnered with crafts retailer Etsy to make what is essentially a prettified
catalog, complete with an integrated shopping cart, for which there are all
kinds of lead fees. Since it has remained independent so far despite some big
acquisition interest, figuring out a solid business plan is important,
especially since Flipboard did a massive $50 million fundraising round that
valued it at $200 million two years ago. Its investors include Insight Venture
Partners, Comcast Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Index Ventures
and a spate of well known angels, such as Jack Dorsey of Twitter and Square,
Facebook co-founder and Asana co-founder Dustin Moskovitz, investor Ron
Conway, actor Ashton Kutcher and the investment company run by former News
Corp. exec Peter Chernin. There are a lot of other new features in the latest
Flipboard, but you can read Walt Mossberg’s review of it here, as well as
watch my video interview below of Flipboard CEO and co-founder Mike McCue
about it all, as well as its business outlook: And here are some pretty
screenshots to give you an idea of the magazine-mania possible: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130326/everybodys-a-curator-flipboards-mike-mccue-
talks-about-new-version-of-social-magazine-video/feed/ 0 Kleiner's Doerr Takes
Adviser Seat at Flipboard http://allthingsd.com/20130301/kleiners-doerr-takes-
advisor-seat-at-flipboard/ http://allthingsd.com/20130301/kleiners-doerr-
takes-advisor-seat-at-flipboard/#comments Fri, 01 Mar 2013 19:45:39 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=299744 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner John
Doerr has joined the board of Flipboard, the mobile-based social media
magazine, as an adviser. “John has been a long-time supporter and adviser to
Flipboard and it is fantastic to have him on the board,” a Flipboard
spokesperson told AllThingsD. “We feel very fortunate to be working with him
and everyone at KP.” Doerr’s move into an advisory role at Flipboard, first
noted by Owen Thomas at Business Insider, is a natural one, as Doerr has had
an existing relationship with Flipboard CEO Mike McCue over the years. McCue
founded and subsequently sold Paper Software to Netscape in 1996, where he
went on to work on and evolve the Netscape browser with Doerr again acting as
adviser. McCue also founded TellMe, backed again by Doerr and Kleiner’s funds.
Another Kleiner partner, Eric Feng, recently joined Flipboard as the startup’s
new CTO. McCue was a board seat holder at Twitter before he was asked to leave
over what the microblogging site saw as eventual conflicts of interest. Doerr
often showed up to Twitter board meetings in an advisory role, but never held
an official seat. The news also comes in the wake of the departure of former
Kleiner partner Ellen Pao, who was terminated from the investment firm for
“performance issues.” (Pao also happens to be suing the firm, alleging long-
standing sexual harassment issues.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130301/kleiners-doerr-takes-advisor-seat-at-
flipboard/feed/ 0 Former Hulu CTO and Kleiner Perkins Partner Eric Feng Heads
to Flipboard http://allthingsd.com/20130208/former-hulu-cto-and-kleiner-
perkins-partner-eric-feng-heads-to-flipboard/
http://allthingsd.com/20130208/former-hulu-cto-and-kleiner-perkins-partner-
eric-feng-heads-to-flipboard/#comments Fri, 08 Feb 2013 17:46:48 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=292999 Eric Feng, a mainstay in digital media
properties such as Hulu, Airtime and Erly, announced on Friday that he will
join the executive team of Flipboard, the social magazine app made popular on
smartphones and tablets. Feng will join the startup as CTO and second in
command to CEO Mike McCue, and will head up engineering and strategy for the
company. Feng will also bring along Eugene Wei, a colleague of Feng’s who rose
to prominence at Hulu and was VP of Product at Erly. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130208/former-hulu-cto-and-kleiner-perkins-partner-
eric-feng-heads-to-flipboard/feed/ 0 Demand A Plan: Tech Leaders Sign On to
Mayors' Effort to End Gun Violence http://allthingsd.com/20121219/demand-a-
plan-tech-leaders-sign-onto-mayors-effort-to-end-gun-violence/
http://allthingsd.com/20121219/demand-a-plan-tech-leaders-sign-onto-mayors-
effort-to-end-gun-violence/#comments Wed, 19 Dec 2012 16:35:53 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=279245 This morning, a large group of Silicon Valley
and New York tech leaders signed a full-page advertisement in the New York
Times for Demand A Plan, a mayor’s organization pressing for gun safety in the
wake of the recent tragic school shooting in Connecticut. “It’s Time. Demand a
Plan to End Gun Violence,” reads the ad, which was signed by a plethora of
major digital players. They include, in part: Lerer Venture’s Ken Lerer (who
organized the effort); SV Angel’s Ron Conway, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong, Skype
President Tony Bates, Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff, adviser Bill Campbell,
Flipboard CEO Mike McCue, Craigslist founder Craig Newmark, Foursquare’s
Dennis Crowley, Findery’s Caterina Fake, Emerson Collective’s Laurene Jobs,
Code Advisors’ Quincy Smith, Twitter co-founder Evan Williams and Zuckerberg
Media’s Randi Zuckerberg. In addition, there is a large-scale social media
effort under way for Demand a Plan, which signee and venture capitalist Fred
Wilson likens on his blog to other Internet-wide campaigns. “Like the
PIPA/SOPA efforts last year, this effort is diverse, distributed, chaotic, and
hopefully effective and powerful,” he wrote. Here’s the ad itself: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121219/demand-a-plan-tech-leaders-sign-onto-mayors-
effort-to-end-gun-violence/feed/ 0 Twitter Poised to Name Media Mogul Peter
Chernin to Board of Directors http://allthingsd.com/20121115/twitter-poised-
to-name-media-mogul-peter-chernin-to-board-of-directors/
http://allthingsd.com/20121115/twitter-poised-to-name-media-mogul-peter-
chernin-to-board-of-directors/#comments Thu, 15 Nov 2012 18:02:41 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=269990 Twitter is poised to announce the appointment
of Hollywood media exec Peter Chernin to the company’s board of directors,
according to sources familiar with the situation. As AllThingsD has previously
reported, the microblogging service has been interviewing a series of media
executives, including Chernin, for a possible board position with the company.
The media mogul has held key roles at News Corp. (AllThingsD’s parent
company), and was a major player in the formation of streaming video service
Hulu. Chernin also holds a seat on the board of Pandora, the online music
service. So, naturally, as Twitter has moved increasingly toward a more
consumption-based, media-centric company, Chernin is an easy choice for a
board seat. Over the past two years, the company has made major strides into
more traditional forms of mainstream media turf, making hashtags and its
little bird logo a now-ubiquitous part of watching or promoting TV shows and
films. But more than that, Twitter’s ever-expanding sales and monetization
teams want a larger slice of the ad dollars — and the eyeballs — that big
media companies bring to the table. Funny enough, Twitter is currently in the
midst of its annual global sales conference, where co-founder Jack Dorsey took
the stage on Thursday morning to speak about the state of the company. As it
stands, Twitter’s current board is largely tech-centric in its membership,
with Valley veterans Dick Costolo, Jack Dorsey and Evan Williams holding
seats, along with others like Benchmark Capital’s Peter Fenton, Peter Currie
of Currie Capital, and former DoubleClick CEO David Rosenblatt. Chernin’s
appointment also serves to replace former Twitter board member Mike McCue, CEO
and co-founder of the popular media-centric start-up Flipboard. As I reported
last month, Twitter’s search for a new board member had also focused heavily
on naming a woman candidate, which the company’s all-male board currently
lacks. Twitter had already interviewed a number of female candidates,
according to sources, though it has not chosen one yet. It is unclear whether
Twitter will appoint another member after Chernin. A Twitter spokesman
declined to comment on any new or potential board appointees. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121115/twitter-poised-to-name-media-mogul-peter-
chernin-to-board-of-directors/feed/ 0 Also on Twitter Board's Agenda: Adding a
Woman Director http://allthingsd.com/20121015/also-on-twitter-boards-agenda-
adding-a-woman-director/ http://allthingsd.com/20121015/also-on-twitter-
boards-agenda-adding-a-woman-director/#comments Mon, 15 Oct 2012 16:33:36
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=259960 In its continued search to strengthen
the company’s board of directors, Twitter has placed top priority on adding a
woman to the current all-male roster, according to sources close to the
situation. A number of female candidates have already been interviewed, but
none have been selected, these sources say. It’s an obvious logical step for
the microblogging service. As Kara Swisher noted nearly two years ago, Web 2.0
companies have few women board members, unlike a number of public tech
companies. That includes Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, LinkedIn and eBay —
major technology companies whose boards include one or more women. But Twitter
does not. It has not been alone. Facebook added its first female director only
recently, with COO Sheryl Sandberg being appointed to the board over the
summer. That was soon followed by Zynga, which named longtime digital exec
Ellen Siminoff recently. Twitter’s search for a female director does not
sideline the company’s continued search for other seasoned media players to
join its board. As previously reported, sources say that Hollywood exec Peter
Chernin has been on Twitter’s short list for a seat. Along with years of
experience at News Corp., Chernin played a role in the formation of the Hulu
streaming video service, and currently sits on the board of Internet radio Web
site Pandora. Currently, Twitter’s board includes CEO Dick Costolo, company
founders Jack Dorsey and Evan Williams, and investors such as Peter Fenton of
Benchmark Capital and Peter Currie of Currie Capital. Former DoubleClick CEO
David Rosenblatt also holds a seat. After conflicts of interest arose,
Flipboard CEO Mike McCue stepped down from his board position over the summer.
McCue’s seat is presumably the one being filled, but the size of the board
might also expand by two or more. Considering the company’s recent push into
the mainstream film and television arena, along with seeking more advertising
revenue, the lack of at least one major media exec on the board could be seen
as a deficiency. Twitter declined to comment on this report. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121015/also-on-twitter-boards-agenda-adding-a-woman-
director/feed/ 3 Exclusive: Twitter Eyeing Media Bigs, Including Hollywood
Mogul Peter Chernin, for Board Seats http://allthingsd.com/20120924/exclusive-
twitter-eyeing-media-bigs-including-hollywood-mogul-peter-chernin-for-board-
seats/ http://allthingsd.com/20120924/exclusive-twitter-eyeing-media-bigs-
including-hollywood-mogul-peter-chernin-for-board-seats/#comments Tue, 25 Sep
2012 03:07:10 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=253688 Twitter is now
interviewing a series of well-known media players for its board, as the San
Francisco online social communications service seeks to increase its ties to
the entertainment industry, according to sources close to the situation. And
one of the top director candidates is well-regarded Hollywood exec Peter
Chernin, said several sources. He is an obvious choice, having been a top exec
at News Corp. for many years. Since he left in mid-2009, Chernin has forged a
successful film and television career, producing such hits as “Rise of the
Planet of the Apes” and “New Girl.” But, unlike many media execs, he has also
focused on garnering much deeper digital experience. Chernin was key to the
formation of the Hulu premium online service, for example, and is also a board
member of the Pandora streaming music service. He has also been making digital
and media investments in Asia. (And, interestingly, although apropos of
nothing, Chernin’s former boss, Rupert Murdoch, has become an avid tweeter,
too.) Sources said Chernin has not decided if he even wants such a board seat,
and Twitter management is still only in the early stages of its board effort,
presumably to replace Flipboard’s Mike McCue. The entrepreneur left the board
earlier this year, after it was clear that his social media app and Twitter
were on a collision course (or an acquisition one, depending how you looked at
it). But the addition of a media-savvy director — or even two — also makes
sense in the context of the past year of Twitter’s evolution. The brainchild
of Jack Dorsey, Evan Williams and Biz Stone, Twitter first began as a
microblogging social network. While it did attract a lot of attention due to
its celebrity tweeters — such as actor Ashton Kutcher and famebot Kim
Kardashian — the management and board of Twitter is largely tech-centric in
experience. But, more recently, the service has taken its shape as a
consumption-based media company, where some 40 percent of its user base read
and consume content rather than create it. That is to say, they watch, but
they don’t tweet. Such a strategic direction is a natural extension for
bringing in more advertising spending from outside partners, especially big
media companies that have both the eyeballs and dollars that the company is
hoping to attract. Twitter is now commonly used throughout the media space in
a variety of roles, from branding to audience-gauging, and also sometimes even
as a plot device. (That said, you won’t catch CEO Dick Costolo outright
admitting Twitter’s media-company status; he still wants the Silicon Valley
cred of being valued as a technology giant first.) A Twitter spokesman
declined to comment on any effort to bring in new directors; Chernin has not
yet responded to a query for comment. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120924/exclusive-twitter-eyeing-media-bigs-including-
hollywood-mogul-peter-chernin-for-board-seats/feed/ 0 Flipboard CEO McCue
Likely to Step Down From Twitter Board Over Potential Future Conflicts (Or
Closer Cooperation) http://allthingsd.com/20120507/exclusive-flipboard-ceo-
mccue-likely-to-step-down-from-twitter-board-over-potential-future-conflicts-
or-closer-cooperation/ http://allthingsd.com/20120507/exclusive-flipboard-ceo-
mccue-likely-to-step-down-from-twitter-board-over-potential-future-conflicts-
or-closer-cooperation/#comments Mon, 07 May 2012 20:37:24 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=204132 According to sources close to the situation,
Flipboard co-founder and CEO Mike McCue has approached Twitter CEO Dick
Costolo and co-founder Jack Dorsey about moving off the board of Twitter. It
is not clear when McCue — who became a director of the San Francisco social
communications company in late 2010 — will step down, but it could come soon.
The reason, sources said, is McCue’s growing feeling that the companies are on
a product collision course, with a possible troubled or perhaps more
attractive result. In other words, Flipboard will either face increasing
rivalry from Twitter or will end up as a possible acquisition target for it or
other companies. “How users consume and use Twitter is a key part of its
future, and that is what Flipboard does well already,” said one person with
knowledge of the situation. “There is going to be an inevitable crossroads for
the two companies.” Indeed, Twitter has bought several companies that help
users read and discover, such as Summify. The goal has been to better make
sense of the massive amount of data that the service produces daily; to that
end, Twitter has pushed to improve its user interface design on a number of
devices. And Twitter is a big part of Flipboard’s app, which is very dependent
on the tweet feed and accounts for 70 percent of its links, sources said.
Flipboard is also more of a “mobile first” company, which is where Twitter is
also headed even more aggressively. Already popular on the Apple iPad,
Flipboard launched its iPhone app late last year and it is prepping a version
for Google Android soon. That’s why, in addition to being a rival, it is also
an obvious acquisition target for Twitter, as well as others such as Yahoo and
Microsoft. In fact, Google already tried to buy it last year, before Flipboard
did a massive $50 million fundraising round that valued it at $200 million.
Its investors include Insight Venture Partners, Comcast’s venture arm, Kleiner
Perkins Caufield & Byers, Index Ventures and a spate of well known angels,
such as Dorsey, Facebook co-founder and Asana dude Dustin Moskovitz, Ron
Conway, actor Ashton Kutcher and the investment company of former News Corp.
exec Peter Chernin. Co-founded by longtime entrepreneur McCue (Netscape,
Tellme) and former Apple iPhone engineer Evan Doll, Flipboard launched to much
attention in mid 2010. Its innovative social magazine concept is attempting to
make the social networking universe more accessible, consumable and, perhaps
most importantly, visually arresting via its rich app. Essentially, Flipboard
pulls information from media RSS feeds and sites such as Twitter and Facebook
data streams and then reassembles it in an easy-to-navigate personalized
format. Google has mounted a competitor, called Currents, as has Yahoo with
its Livestand offering, neither of which have gotten much traction. In fact,
sources said, Yahoo is likely to shut Livestand down completely. There have
also been a spate of other similar readers, such as Pulse and Zite.
Spokespersons for both Flipboard and Twitter politely declined comment. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120507/exclusive-flipboard-ceo-mccue-likely-to-step-
down-from-twitter-board-over-potential-future-conflicts-or-closer-
cooperation/feed/ 0 Mike McCue Talks! Flipboard Finally Launches App for
iPhone. (Video) http://allthingsd.com/20111206/mike-mccue-talks-flipboard-
finally-launches-app-for-apple-iphone-video/
http://allthingsd.com/20111206/mike-mccue-talks-flipboard-finally-launches-
app-for-apple-iphone-video/#comments Wed, 07 Dec 2011 05:01:09 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=150953 After promises to get it out midyear,
Flipboard is finally releasing its much-anticipated mobile app for the Apple
iPhone. The popular social reader is perhaps the most high-profile available
on the iPad, in an ever-crowded field that includes such offerings as Yahoo’s
recently launched Livestand; another one code-named Propeller, still upcoming
from Google; AOL’s Editions; as well as existing news readers like CNN-owned
Zite and Pulse. (Katie Boehret takes a look at the new Flipboard app along
with some of those competitors in The Digital Solution this week.) The Palo
Alto, Calif.-based Flipboard, which has raised a pile of money from prominent
funders at a big valuation, has been beefing up its advertising business, and
a move into mobile was critical. The new iPhone app, said Flipboard CEO Mike
McCue, was built from the ground up, and is different than the iPad version.
For example — don’t get all excited — it flips up rather than side to side.
Wheeeeee! It also introduces “Cover Stories,” which gives you a curated-for-
you look at news and social updates. In related news, after being banned,
Flipboard announced earlier this week that its iPad app was now available in
China. Oh, why hear all about it from me? Here’s McCue in a video interview,
at the end of which he also dismisses my offer for him to be CEO of Yahoo
(apparently, life is too short!): (You can read a review by The Digital
Solution’s Katherine Boehret of the Flipboard app here.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20111206/mike-mccue-talks-flipboard-finally-launches-
app-for-apple-iphone-video/feed/ 0 My Picks for Yahoo's Next CEO -- Maybe
Snoop Dogg, Ya Digg? http://allthingsd.com/20110907/yahoos-next-ceo-maybe-
snoop-dogg-ya-digg/ http://allthingsd.com/20110907/yahoos-next-ceo-maybe-
snoop-dogg-ya-digg/#comments Wed, 07 Sep 2011 14:00:32 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=117602 The firing of Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz leaves
open one of the bigger and more difficult jobs in tech — one that has taken
its toll on many. Nonetheless, rapper Snoop Dogg stepped right up to the
Twitter plate yesterday, as soon as news broke of the ouster. Tweeted Snoop
Dogg: “Im takn over as tha CEO of Yahoo. Need sum of tha Snoop Dogg content ya
digg. Nuff Said.” Not nearly nuff! Thus, while the Yahoo board has yet to
begin a search, I have already been hard at work on selecting the next CEO.
(Last time, the company took none of my suggestions, but after the most recent
result, the directors might want to pay mind!) Sources said Yahoo is looking
for an experienced Internet type, either from inside or outside the company.
“Yahoo has put its flag in the ground as a digital media company with a
technology base,” said one source. “The job requires big buckets of expertise
and needs someone who will grow the company.” Here I go with the outsiders:
Peter Chernin: The former News Corp. exec has been eyeing Yahoo for a possible
takeover with other investors. Both Yahoo and I had picked him when co-founder
Jerry Yang stepped down as CEO almost three years ago, and he had declined the
offer. This time, perhaps a big chunk of the company and total autonomy would
work, even if making a hit like “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” is more fun.
Sheryl Sandberg: The COO of Facebook is sort of the anti-Bartz, with a smooth
and efficient persona, and she is an experienced tech exec. But the former
Google exec is at a place of growth at the social networking site, and is
unlikely to want to leave the big show, especially since a blockbuster IPO is
looming. Jason Kilar: The Hulu CEO is in the midst of the process of selling
the premium video service, with Yahoo as a bidder. While he has some tense
relations with the studios, Kilar is top notch in his dedication to consumer
products, and has a lot of experience from his stint at Amazon, too. Dan
Rosensweig: Currently CEO of IPO-headed Chegg textbook rental service, the
former Yahoo exec never got a chance to run the company as its top leader.
Well-connected and still well-liked by the troops at Yahoo, it still would be
pretty hard for him to go home again. Dave Goldberg: Sure, he’s married to
Sandberg (see above), but the savvy CEO of polling phenom SurveyMonkey is one
of the sharpest thinkers in Silicon Valley. He sold his music company to Yahoo
many years ago and has a strong background in consumer online services. Jon
Miller: The chief digital exec at News Corp. almost got the CEO spot years ago
when Carl Icahn was agitating for change at Yahoo, before Time Warner blocked
him via a noncompete. With the mishegas at the media giant, and dwindling
digital businesses there, it might be a good escape hatch for Miller. Susan
Wojcicki: The accomplished Google exec, who runs all its ad products, has the
kind of calm, cool, collected persona that Yahoo could use right about now.
The search giant was founded in her garage, and she has been a key part of its
success since then. Wojcicki is also an understated class act in hey-look-at-
me Silicon Valley. Todd Bradley: The Hewlett-Packard exec just got blindsided
when the company kicked webOS to the curb. While he is in line to run a
possible spinoff of the device business, Bradley might also want to jump out
of the frying pan into the fire. Mike McCue: The CEO of Flipboard would
certainly energize Yahoo with his intense focus on quality and consumer
delight. The news app start-up could be a good addition to Yahoo, and McCue,
the former Netscape and Microsoft exec who is well-liked in the Internet
scene, would be, too. Joanne Bradford: The former Yahoo advertising head
bolted Bartz’s regime early on to run revenue for Demand Media. Well-liked in
the ad business, she also knows where all the bodies are buried at Yahoo.
Since ads and media are key at the company, she’d make an interesting choice.
Yusuf Mehdi: The Microsoft online exec would also be a left-field candidate to
run Yahoo, given his even-keeled personality and longtime experience in the
sector. And, though pricey, Mehdi’s impact on Bing search has been important.
But he’s also been involved in the software giant’s lackluster ad and search
partnership and still has not turned around the situation at MSN. Kevin
Johnson: The former Microsoft exec and current CEO of Juniper was once slated
to be the CEO of Yahoo, had Microsoft managed to win the company in its
hostile takeover attempt. In fact, Johnson was the architect of the idea of
Yahoo running the media and Microsoft running the tech. Tim Armstrong: Well,
he might have been a good candidate before the downward slide of AOL and a
recent series of questionable judgments. If Armstrong can’t keep a loud tech
blogger in line, it’s not clear he can wrangle the Yahoo beast. And here’s the
insider scoop: Ross Levinsohn: The former News Corp. exec is running the
Americas for Yahoo, which puts him in charge of the company’s key businesses.
But he’s still struggling to turn the ad business around, and how well he does
that could be a major determinant of his success. But fantastic hair! Blake
Irving: The former Microsoft exec has an amiable nature and is well-liked at
Yahoo, but he still needs to show that the company can ship some innovative
products, and quickly. Like Livestand, the news reader, which is muchly late.
David Kenny: The Yahoo board member is now president of Akamai, which might
preclude him from the job. But the well-regarded exec — he’s a snazzy dresser,
too — ran one of the Internet’s top digital ad agencies and now has tech chops
from the content delivery network. Memo to Yahoo board: I have a million more
ideas, from former Viacom exec Tom Freston to former Yahoo board member Eric
Hippeau. Or why not bring back a passel of former Yahoos to advise, such as
former CEO Terry Semel or former president Sue Decker? Or Oprah! I hear
Winfrey will be in Silicon Valley later this week, and she has a lot more free
time now. Like Snoop Dogg, she would fo shizzle be the bomb to cover. Related
posts As Yahoo Continues to Wobble, Investors (And Board) Eye Options
Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO Carol
Bartz’s Last F%*& You — Now Aimed at Yahoo Board Yahoo’s Statement on Bartz
Ouster Wall Street Likes Bartz’s Firing — Yahoo Stock Spikes on News My Picks
for Yahoo’s Next CEO — Maybe Snoop Dogg, Ya Digg? ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110907/yahoos-next-ceo-maybe-snoop-dogg-ya-digg/feed/
0 Flipboard Triples Daily Usage in Two Months After Speed Improvements
http://allthingsd.com/20110506/flipboard-triples-daily-usage-in-two-months-
after-speed-improvements/ http://allthingsd.com/20110506/flipboard-triples-
daily-usage-in-two-months-after-speed-improvements/#comments Fri, 06 May 2011
11:00:20 +0000 http://networkeffect.allthingsd.com/?p=6386 Flipboard, the
leading social news app for iPad, has tripled daily usage in the last two
months, CEO Mike McCue said in a chat on Thursday. The app now sees eight to
nine million daily “flips.” Flips are Flipboard’s swiping motion utilized to
view additional content, so the figure could be taken as a loose equivalent
for page views. Two months ago, Flipboard got three to four million flips per
day, McCue said. McCue attributed the jump in usage to various factors that
made his company’s iPad app faster. March 10 was the release date of
Flipboard’s 1.2 version, which among other improvements boosted speed. That
was also the day before the launch of the iPad 2, which Apple has said is up
to two times faster than the first iPad, with graphics that can be nine times
as fast. Plus, after all the hype around Flipboard, many iPad 2 owners
probably downloaded the app first thing after picking up their new device–I
know I did. McCue said the number of Flipboard users has doubled in the same
time period, but he did not specify a number. Flipboard, which syndicates and
prettifies content from publishers, curators, and users’ friends, is hard at
work on its first iPhone version, which is planned for release this summer.
The iPhone version will be catered to power users more so than the iPad app,
said McCue. I mentioned to McCue that Flipboard might now be part of my
weekend routine but it’s too lightweight for my weekday thirst to tap into
real-time news and conversation. McCue responded that the new iPhone app is
designed to be a weekday tool for people like me. So if Flipboard for iPhone
is a power-user social news tool, will it replace the leader of that category,
TweetDeck–which Twitter is now reportedly close to buying? McCue, who happens
to be on the board of Twitter, said for some users that may indeed be the
case. Palo Alto, Calif.-based Flipboard recently raised $50 million at a $200
million valuation. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110506/flipboard-triples-daily-
usage-in-two-months-after-speed-improvements/feed/ 3 Pre-$200 Million
Valuation: Flipboard's Mike McCue at SXSW (The Full Onstage Video)
http://allthingsd.com/20110421/pre-200-million-valuation-flipboards-mike-
mccue-at-sxsw-the-full-onstage-video/
http://allthingsd.com/20110421/pre-200-million-valuation-flipboards-mike-
mccue-at-sxsw-the-full-onstage-video/#comments Thu, 21 Apr 2011 18:30:38 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=42950 In March, BoomTown travelled hipster-
Texas-style for the South by Southwest festival in Austin. I was there to
check out the geek-packed scene, but also to interview Flipboard’s Mike McCue
in an onstage interview there. The Silicon Valley start-up, which makes an
innovative and highly designed social media reading app for the Apple iPad
(iPhone and Google’s Android mobile operating system to come), recently raised
$50 million in new funding, giving it a $200 million valuation. This interview
with McCue took place before that, but it’s still a wide-ranging map to where
the much-touted Flipboard is headed. Here’s the video: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110421/pre-200-million-valuation-flipboards-mike-
mccue-at-sxsw-the-full-onstage-video/feed/ 0 Exclusive: Flipboard Confirms $50
Million Funding at $200 Million Valuation
http://allthingsd.com/20110414/exclusive-flipboard-confirms-50-million-
funding-at-200-million-valuation/ http://allthingsd.com/20110414/exclusive-
flipboard-confirms-50-million-funding-at-200-million-valuation/#comments Thu,
14 Apr 2011 20:23:12 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=42652 Late last
month, BoomTown posted about a huge venture funding effort by the high-profile
and even more highly designed social media reading app for the Apple iPad,
Flipboard. Today, its co-founder and CEO Mike McCue confirmed the $50 million
round at an eye-popping $200 million valuation, in a wide-ranging interview at
the start-up’s Palo Alto, Calif., HQ. “We’re obviously thrilled, because we
think it confirms our focus that people want a beautifully designed way to
interact with content and to share it,” he said. “And there is a lot more to
come–on a scale of one to 10, we’re just at a two or three.” The bulk of the
new second round of funding–Flipboard had previously raised $10.5 million–came
from New York-based Insight Venture Partners. Insight’s Jerry Murdock said in
an interview that he was excited about the idea of “social endorsement” that
Flipboard was pioneering. “We back great entrepreneurs and Flipboard is that
and also in an obviously unique position to solve a problem of media
consumption in the digital age,” he said. “The sky is the limit. Or more
precisely it is the best environment to consume curated real-time content for
Twitter and Facebook, because of the user experience and social endorsement
integration with the content.” Insight is also an investor in Twitter. Also
stepping up in the new Flipboard round is Comcast’s venture arm, as well as
previous investors, including Kleiner Perkins, Index Ventures and a spate of
well known angels, such as Twitter co-founder and product guru Jack Dorsey,
Facebook co-founder and Asana dude Dustin Moskovitz, the ubiquitous Ron
Conway, actor Ashton Kutcher and the investment company of former News Corp.
exec Peter Chernin. “From a Comcast perspective, we’re intrigued with Mike and
what he’s doing with content aggregation,” said Amy Banse, Comcast Interactive
Capital’s new head. “We think we can learn from him and he from us.” Co-
founded by longtime entrepreneur McCue (Netscape, Tellme) and former Apple
iPhone engineer Evan Doll in January, Flipboard launched to much attention in
July. The elegant Flipboard–which McCue recently told me in an onstage
interview at the South by Southwest conference in Austin had zero revenues
thus far–has changed the game on the consumption of social media. Its
innovative social magazine concept is attempting to make the social networking
universe more accessible, consumable and, perhaps most importantly, visually
arresting via its rich app. Essentially, Flipboard pulls information from
media RSS feeds and sites such as Twitter and Facebook data streams and then
reassembles it in an easy-to-navigate, personalized format in a mobile tablet
touchscreen environment. In its current offering, there are pull-quotes,
photos, videos, status updates and even the first paragraphs of linked-out
content. There is also the ability to comment and share, as if one were on a
social networking or microblogging site. McCue said the new giant pile of cash
will be used to increase its 32-person staff to about 50, international
expansion, small acquisitions and more product development on more platforms.
The next in the arena will be the iPhone version of Flipboard, said McCue,
followed by one for the Google Android mobile operating system eventually.
Left unsaid, of course, was the need for funding to fight the likelihood of
increased competition in the hot space for delivering both professional and
social content to consumers on a wide range of devices. Rivals are varied,
such as Silicon Valley’s most adorable news reader start-up Pulse and also
Zite, a news reader which was recently sued for copyright infringement by a
group of major publishers. There are bigger potential players, such as Google,
which is trying to find various ways to move into the social space. In fact,
said several sources, Google and others have made acquisition approaches to
Flipboard, which has instead opted for raising more funding and staying
independent for now. McCue declined to talk about that, but did note that he
is not surprised by publisher interest, especially of the worried and wary
kind, in the arena. “Anyone not respectful of others’ content is going to get
in that kind of trouble,” he said, noting Flipboard has struck deals with 17
big publishers so far, including this morning’s announcement about a
partnership with Oprah Winfrey’s and Discovery’s OWN cable network. “There is
not one half to this equation.” Right now, the Flipboard app is free and the
business plan is advertising and some possible subscription scenarios. McCue
said advertising will be the key to Flipboard’s business plan in the future,
although it’s not clear if the company will ever sell advertising itself.
Rather, it will partner with publishers seeking better distribution in the
explosive tablet and smartphone market, where Flipboard has been gaining
traction quickly. But until that is sorted out, there is now $50 million more
in the Flipboard kitty to figure it all out. “With this funding, we can grow
at the right pace and have a lot of flexibility to get the product right,”
said McCue. “And, that’s the most important thing.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110414/exclusive-flipboard-confirms-50-million-
funding-at-200-million-valuation/feed/ 4 Pretty Flipboard Fundraising at an
Even Prettier $200 Million Valuation http://allthingsd.com/20110323/pretty-
flipboard-fundraising-at-an-even-prettier-200-million-valuation/
http://allthingsd.com/20110323/pretty-flipboard-fundraising-at-an-even-
prettier-200-million-valuation/#comments Wed, 23 Mar 2011 14:15:12 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=41854 Flipboard, the high-profile and highly
designed social media reading app for the Apple iPad, is out raising another
round of funding at an eye-popping $200 million valuation, according to
numerous sources close to the situation. The Palo Alto, CA, company declined
to comment on its new funding efforts, which sources said had recently
accelerated. While that valuation might change, several sources considering
the investment said it is unlikely to go down in the current frothy financing
market in Silicon Valley, especially given Flipboard’s splashy profile and
top-drawer pedigree. Co-founded by longtime Silicon Valley entrepreneur Mike
McCue and former Apple iPhone engineer Evan Doll in January, Flipboard
launched to much attention in July. That included $10.5 million in venture
funding from Kleiner Perkins, Index Ventures and a spate of well known angel
investors, such as Twitter Co-founder Jack Dorsey, Facebook Co-founder Dustin
Moskovitz, the ubiquitous Ron Conway, actor Ashton Kutcher and the investment
company of former News Corp. exec Peter Chernin. At the time, it was unclear
what Flipboard’s valuation was. But now, said several sources, it’s clocking
in at a hefty $200 million, which is perhaps no surprise at a time of
increasingly lofty investments in tech start-ups. Suddenly, Foursquare’s $95
million valuation seems like a bargain! (Sorry, Dennis Crowley, for comparing
you to the Kool-Aid pitcher dude.) In any case, the elegant Flipboard–which
McCue recently told me in an onstage interview at the South by Southwest
conference in Austin had zero revenues thus far–has changed the game on the
consumption of social media. Its innovative social magazine concept is
attempting to make the social networking universe more accessible, consumable
and, perhaps most importantly, visually arresting via its rich app.
Essentially, Flipboard pulls information from sites such as Twitter and
Facebook data streams and then reassembles it in an easy-to-navigate,
personalized format in a mobile tablet touchscreen environment. In this
offering, there are pull quotes, photos, videos, status updates and even the
first paragraphs of linked-out content. There is also the ability to comment
and share, as if one were on Twitter or Facebook. Flipboard has since added a
number of features and will be launching its new iPhone app later this year.
Right now, the Flipboard app is free and the business plan is advertising and
some possible subscription scenarios. It will be interesting to see who will
jump into this leader in a nascent market, besides its current investors.
Sources said one likely target group for Flipboard could be a large
traditional media company. Until the financial dust settles, here is the video
of an onstage interview by the Digital Solution’s Katherine Boehret with McCue
at the All Things Digital event, D: Dive Into Mobile, in December: (Full
disclosure: ATD is part of Flipboard’s publisher beta program.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110323/pretty-flipboard-fundraising-at-an-even-
prettier-200-million-valuation/feed/ 8 Viral Video: "Attack the Block" and
BoomTown Debut at SXSW http://allthingsd.com/20110307/viral-video-attack-the-
block-and-boomtown-debut-at-sxsw/ http://allthingsd.com/20110307/viral-video-
attack-the-block-and-boomtown-debut-at-sxsw/#comments Mon, 07 Mar 2011
08:15:42 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=41306 Like many a geek–and after
a decade away–I’m headed to South by Southwest later this week. To get in the
mood for the well-known multimedia festival in Austin, here’s one of the films
making its debut this coming weekend. It’s called “Attack the Block,” and is
about a teen gang fighting an alien invasion. Plus, it has the best tag line
ever: “Inner City Versus Outer Space.” Which is just about how I am feeling
about SXSW! In any case, despite my lack of hipster cred, I will be there for
a party hosted by WordPress with drinks by The Wall Street Journal Digital
Network and All Things Digital on Friday, as well as to interview Flipboard
Co-founder and CEO Mike McCue on Saturday in an afternoon session with the
subtitle: “Game-Changer or Passing Fad?” NetworkEffect’s Liz Gannes and The
Digital Solution’s Katherine Boehret will also be at SXSW, so expect plenty of
coverage from Texas. Until then, enjoy this movie trailer, y’all: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110307/viral-video-attack-the-block-and-boomtown-
debut-at-sxsw/feed/ 0 Apple's Jobs Tops BoomTown's 10 Most Fascinating Techies
in 2010 Survey http://allthingsd.com/20110103/apples-jobs-tops-
boomtowns-10-most-fascinating-techies-in-2010-survey/
http://allthingsd.com/20110103/apples-jobs-tops-boomtowns-10-most-fascinating-
techies-in-2010-survey/#comments Mon, 03 Jan 2011 16:02:00 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=39049 Of course, he won. Dominating tech’s
mindshare and press coverage in 2010, Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs also
handily took the No. 1 slot of a reader poll conducted by BoomTown in the last
days of year. Jobs–who introduced a range of innovative products, such as the
iPad, over the course of the 2010–garnered just over 30 percent of the votes
for the question that asked: “Who are the 10 Most Interesting People in Tech
in 2010.” Among the reasons he was selected, from comments posted by those who
took the survey: “With the iPad, he’s re-inventing the personal computer.
Again.” “Because he never stops.” And my favorite: “Because if he had to be
dictator of the world, he’d actually take doing a good job of it seriously.”
And, despite not acing him out for Time magazine’s “Person of the Year,”
WikiLeaks head Julian Assange got 16.3 percent for the No. 2 spot, followed by
Facebook’s co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg at 10.1 percent. Said one
voluble commenter: “Whether one agrees or not with the how, governments and
the individuals in power tend to do things that, we as a public, need to know,
given that their actions, ultimately, impact how we must live our lives.
Assange, is merely bringing to light things that many would rather not have
brought into the light of day. One could argue that we do not need to know,
for security or other reasons. However, negotiations, diplomacy and conflict,
are all simply ways or resolving issues. Since, as a public, we allow these
people into power, should we not know they are acting on ‘our behalf’?”
Arguing for Zuckerberg and his increasingly powerful social networking site,
one person said: “Changed the way we looked at the Web and added another layer
of connection between user and the Web, as well as sites connecting to each
other.” A wide range of people, not included by name on the list I compiled,
got the No. 4 slot with 7.3 percent. They included Google Android head Andy
Rubin, Flickr co-founder Caterina Fake, Demand Media co-founder and CEO
Richard Rosenblatt, Arianna Huffington and, um, me! Longtime Silicon Valley
entrepreneur-turned venture capitalist Marc Andreessen was No. 5 at 6.3
percent. “Visionary as a grad student, very successful as an entrepreneur, now
doing some really interesting things as a VC,” said one person. The red-hot
attention around social buying start-up Groupon–and its gutsy choice not to
take Google’s offer of billions of dollars–got co-founder and CEO Andrew Mason
the No. 6 slot with 5.7 percent. Pure curiousness about the future outcome
spurred one choice: “Is he really lucky or really good? I’m guessing 2011 is a
fairly decisive year. I’d like to know more about him…” The mishegas around
Yahoo and its voluable CEO Carol Bartz put her in the No. 7 position. Said one
commenter: “She’s taken the impossible job and will succeed. However, rewiring
is taking more times than expected…” Innovation put social magazine iPad app
Flipboard co-founder and CEO Mike McCue at No. 8 with 2.3 percent. No. 9 was
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg at the same percentage, with the inevitable Betty
White clocking in at No. 10 with 2.1 percent. The reason for picking the
longtime Hollywood movie and television star, after lobbying by rabid Facebook
fans got her a gig on “Saturday Night Live”? Simply put: “She rocks.” And,
indeed, she does. Here’s my lovely bar chart showing the winners, which,
perhaps most fascinating of all, did not include anyone from search topper
Google or software giant Microsoft or microblogging leader Twitter (click on
the image to make it larger): ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110103/apples-jobs-
tops-boomtowns-10-most-fascinating-techies-in-2010-survey/feed/ 0 The Men and
No Women of Web 2.0 Boards (BoomTown's Talking to You: Twitter, Facebook,
Zynga, Groupon and Foursquare) http://allthingsd.com/20101221/the-men-and-no-
women-of-web-2-0-boards-boomtowns-talking-to-you-twitter-facebook-zynga-
groupon-and-foursquare/ http://allthingsd.com/20101221/the-men-and-no-women-
of-web-2-0-boards-boomtowns-talking-to-you-twitter-facebook-zynga-groupon-and-
foursquare/#comments Tue, 21 Dec 2010 22:44:05 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=38810 In one memorable episode of the famous old
short films “The Little Rascals,” after not getting invited to a party, the
Our Gang little dudes decided to form their own group, comically called “The
He-Man Woman-Haters Club.” In other words: No girls allowed! While it was
wink-wink cute when Spanky, Alfalfa and Buckwheat huffed and puffed about
keeping out Darla–which they never ever could do–back in the last century,
it’s not quite as adorkable when it comes to the boards of all the major Web
2.0 hotshots these days. That would be Twitter, Facebook, Zynga, Groupon and
Foursquare, none of which have any women as directors. As in zero. What’s most
remarkable is that most of these start-ups are run by what I consider
enlightened and open-minded entrepreneurs, mostly young enough to be part of a
generation more inclined to value equality and diversity in the workplace. In
addition, each of these companies has a massive base of women consumers, in
some cases well over 50 percent of its audience. Thus, it would seem logical
that in casting about for those to help guide these companies, one or two
women leaders might slip in. To be fair, it’s not for lack of trying, but of
completion, as was the case with Twitter’s recent addition of three new board
members. They were longtime Silicon Valley exec Peter Currie, Flipboard CEO
and co-founder Mike McCue and former DoubleClick leader David Rosenblatt. All
are deeply qualified for the Twitter board, which is obviously prepping for
its next stage of growth and maturity. But in its search, the San Francisco
microblogging site did not manage to cast the net quite wide enough. While
sources said at least one prominent online woman exec was considered, there
were some legitimate issues with her appointment, and it was not completed.
Still, one might imagine Twitter could have tried harder to find other
workable choices. Currently, the Twitter board is made up of the new trio, as
well as Benchmark Capital’s Peter Fenton, Union Square Ventures’ Fred Wilson,
Bijan Sabet of Spark Capital, CEO Dick Costolo and co-founders Evan Williams
and Jack Dorsey. Things are not any better over at Facebook, which has several
prominent women execs running the show, most especially its high-profile COO
Sheryl Sandberg. But, inexplicably, though she does attend board meetings, she
is not yet a director of Facebook, nor is any other woman. In fact, here is
Sandberg on topic at a recent TED event for women, in an eloquent speech
titled “Why We Have So Few Women Leaders”: Instead, the Facebook board is all
men, all the time, composed of CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, prominent
techie and venture capitalist Marc Andreessen, investor Peter Thiel, Accel
Partners’ Jim Breyer and Washington Post head Don Graham. It is no better at
three of the most prominent recent Web 2.0 start-ups, which one source
attributes to the lack of woman VCs, who are often the first board members
after major investment rounds. At Zynga, the hot social gaming company in San
Francisco, it continues, with an all-male board, despite a very heavily female
audience for its casual social games. That would be co-founder and CEO Mark
Pincus, COO Owen Van Natta, investor Bing Gordon of Kleiner Perkins, investor
Reid Hoffman and Brad Feld of the Foundry Group. The same is true at woman-
targeted–spas, spas and more spas–social buying site Groupon, which has an
unusually large board for a start-up and made up of–as per usual–all men. The
list: Co-founder and CEO Andrew Mason, Accel Partners’ Kevin Efrusy, former
AT&T; President and COO John Walter, New Enterprise Associates’ Harry Weller
and Peter Barris, former AOL exec Ted Leonsis, 37Signals co-founder Jason
Fried and early investors Eric Lefkofsky and Brad Keywell. And, much smaller,
is Foursquare’s board, which is the trio of co-founder and CEO Dennis Crowley,
co-founder Naveen Selvadurai and Union Square Ventures’ Albert Wenger. New
investors–Ben Horowitz of Andreessen Horowitz and O’Reilly AlphaTech Ventures’
Bryce Roberts–have observer status and both are, needless to say, dudes. There
is no question it is tough to make sure there is a good balance of qualified
women leaders to men in tech–it is an issue we wrestle with every single year
for the program of speakers at our own All Things Digital conference, although
we are most excellent on this issue on our Web site and conference staff. But
it can be done, especially at public tech companies. Google has two women on
its board of nine directors; Yahoo has three of 10; even Oracle has two of a
dozen. But a grand total of zero at the leading companies of Web 2.0 is not
just a coincidence. It’s a shame. Tomorrow, BoomTown will post a list of great
women who would be superb directors for any of these companies, but until
then, let’s not follow in Spanky’s steps: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101221/the-men-and-no-women-of-web-2-0-boards-
boomtowns-talking-to-you-twitter-facebook-zynga-groupon-and-foursquare/feed/
60 D: Dive Into Mobile: The Full Interview Video of Flipboard's Mike McCue
http://allthingsd.com/20101221/flipboard-mike-mccue-dive-full-interview/
http://allthingsd.com/20101221/flipboard-mike-mccue-dive-full-
interview/#comments Tue, 21 Dec 2010 17:15:23 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=38763 As promised, All Things Digital will be
publishing the full videos of the interviews we did two weeks ago at our D:
Dive Into Mobile conference in San Francisco. The first extension of the
event, it produced some very newsy sessions. We’ll be posting them all. Here’s
Flipboard CEO and co-founder Mike McCue, a longtime Silicon Valley
entrepreneur whose latest Apple iPad app is giving publishers and readers a
glimpse of what digital reading could be. The effort is not without some
controversy, as how content is being delivered on the new devices is an
ongoing debate. (Full disclosure: ATD is part of Flipboard’s new publisher
beta.) Here’s the video of the interview that the Mossberg Solution’s
Katherine Boehret did with McCue: Next up: Former Palm CEO and now Hewlett-
Packard mobile kingpin Jon Rubinstein. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101221/flipboard-mike-mccue-dive-full-interview/feed/
0 D: Dive Into Mobile: The Full Interview Video of Spotify's Daniel Ek
http://allthingsd.com/20101216/d-dive-into-mobile-the-full-interview-video-of-
spotifys-daniel-ek/ http://allthingsd.com/20101216/d-dive-into-mobile-the-
full-interview-video-of-spotifys-daniel-ek/#comments Thu, 16 Dec 2010 17:05:59
+0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=38664 As promised, All Things Digital will
be publishing the full videos of the interviews we did last week at our D:
Dive Into Mobile conference in San Francisco. The first extension of the
event, it produced some very newsy sessions. We’ll be posting them all this
week and next. And today, here’s Spotify’s Daniel Ek (pictured here) singing
for his supper. Well, not in the U.S. as yet, where the Swedish CEO and co-
founder of the innovative streaming music service has not been able to make
good on his promise to strike deals with music labels, which fear the
popularity of Spotify could cut back on sales of CDs and digital downloads. In
Europe, the popular service offers unlimited tracks for free, or users can
subscribe for an advertising-free version. Ek talks about all this and more in
his interview with MediaMemo’s Peter Kafka. Here’s the video: Next up:
Flipboard’s Mike McCue (who just joined the Twitter board). ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101216/d-dive-into-mobile-the-full-interview-video-of-
spotifys-daniel-ek/feed/ 0 Q: Why No Twitter Board Seat for Kleiner's John
Doerr? A: His Google Board Seat (Plus, Is the Star VC Looking at Spotify and
Groupon Next?) http://allthingsd.com/20101216/q-why-no-twitter-board-seat-for-
kleiners-john-doerr-a-his-google-board-seat-plus-is-the-star-vc-looking-at-
spotify-and-groupon-next/ http://allthingsd.com/20101216/q-why-no-twitter-
board-seat-for-kleiners-john-doerr-a-his-google-board-seat-plus-is-the-star-
vc-looking-at-spotify-and-groupon-next/#comments Thu, 16 Dec 2010 13:14:41
+0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=38683 Yesterday, star venture capitalist
John Doerr of Kleiner Perkins forked over $150 million in funding to Twitter.
At at $3.7 billion valuation, that got him a big chunk of the San Francisco
microblogging site. But what it didn’t get him was a seat on the board of
Twitter, which many figured he would be given for after handing over so much
moolah. According to sources familiar with the situation, that’s due to
Doerr’s being a director on another board: Google. Several sources who
BoomTown spoke to, after breaking news of the massive funding, said that his
being on the board of the search giant was seen as too much of a conflict of
interest. A conflict because Google has plans to wade deeply into the social
space. And also, of course, because it is the No. 1 potential acquirer of
Twitter, as the Silicon Valley company seeks to gather more tools to fight its
latest rival, Facebook. Doerr has very deep ties at Google, having been on its
board since mid-1999. He got that seat, along with Sequoia Capital’s Mike
Moritz, after he ponied up a critical $25 million equity round for Google in
June of that year. Interestingly, no other Kleiner partner was named to a
Twitter board seat either. But, some speculate, it might make sense for Mary
Meeker–who just joined Kleiner to head up digital investing efforts, after a
long-time stint as a Wall Street analyst for Morgan Stanley–to eventually
become a Twitter director. Meeker has, of course, deep IPO and M&A;
experience. And, frankly, after adding Flipboard’s Mike McCue and former
DoubleClick exec David Rosenblatt yesterday and former Netscape exec Peter
Currie recently to its all-boy board band, a woman director might be a good
idea to consider. Other directors at Twitter include Benchmark Capital’s Peter
Fenton, Union Square Venture’s Fred Wilson, Bijan Sabet of Spark Capital, Co-
founders Evan Williams and Jack Dorsey and CEO Dick Costolo. I reached out to
Doerr for a comment, but he has not yet replied; Twitter declined to comment.
Even more interesting to consider is what Kleiner will invest in next after
this mega-funding, given how aggressively many sources said Doerr had pushed
to lead the Twitter round. And, in fact, sources said that Kleiner is looking
closely at new funding rounds for both the Spotify music streaming service and
Groupon, the social buying start-up that recently decided to turn down a $6
billion acquisition offer from Google and an earlier $3 billion one from
Yahoo. Groupon is now seeking more funds to remain independent and hold onto
its lead in the fast-growing local discounting market, sources said.
(Bloomberg also reported on Groupon’s new fundraising efforts, although it was
written about after it turned down the Google offer.) And Spotify, which is
hugely popular outside the U.S., is trying to enter this market, but needs
more funding to expand and perhaps strike better deals with music labels. Both
are the just the kind of companies Doerr has targeted in what looks like a
serious effort to compete with other firms–especially Andreessen Horowitz and
Russia’s DST Global. They have garnered the heat Kleiner used to have, largely
by backing more of the top entrepreneurs recently. Doerr has already put money
into social gaming phenom Zynga and also started an sFund for social-focused
investments. Add Twitter to the pile and you can see where this is headed:
Except for the board seat, John Doerr will no longer be denied. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101216/q-why-no-twitter-board-seat-for-kleiners-john-
doerr-a-his-google-board-seat-plus-is-the-star-vc-looking-at-spotify-and-
groupon-next/feed/ 1 Flipboard Caves to User Demand; Adds RSS Feeds (And
Flickr and Web Previews) http://allthingsd.com/20101215/flipboard-caves-to-
user-demand-adds-rss-feeds-and-flickr-and-web-previews/
http://allthingsd.com/20101215/flipboard-caves-to-user-demand-adds-rss-feeds-
and-flickr-and-web-previews/#comments Thu, 16 Dec 2010 05:01:05 +0000
http://networkeffect.allthingsd.com/?p=1336 Flipboard, the social content
display application for the iPad, is releasing an update tonight that adds
users’ No. 1 most-requested feature: RSS feeds. Flipboard had resisted adding
feeds because its mission is to curate content through social channels.
However, said co-founder Evan Doll, the company decided Google Reader wouldn’t
be too much of a compromise, because it is synched through the cloud and has
social sharing features. Also, now that Flipboard has access to RSS feeds, it
will display the full text of many articles when they are shared by a
Flipboard user’s contacts on Facebook or Twitter. (If publishers provide only
excerpts in their RSS feeds, that’s all Flipboard users will get. If
publishers are part of Flipboard’s Pages program, their stories will be
displayed in specially formatted “magazinified” pages no matter where they
appear in the app.) (Full disclosure: All Things Digital is a beta partner in
the program.) Flipboard is also adding Flickr feeds, something that had long
been on the company’s list, said Doll. For users who curate their Flickr
contacts and favorite pictures, viewing them on Flipboard will be a “personal
life magazine,” as Doll put it. The other big change Flipboard is making is
that it will load full Web pages as soon as a user clicks on a story, rather
than asking users to take the extra step of clicking a “read on Web” button.
And for good measure, Flipboard will now allow readers to update Facebook and
Twitter (as pictured), rather than just consume their content. Now that
Flipboard has caved and added RSS feeds to its app, I asked Doll if it would
ever add search to complement social discovery. “That’s a great question,” he
said, before not really answering it. Flipboard launched last July and has
received wide acclaim, including being named Apple’s top iPad app of 2010.
However, it has not yet disclosed user numbers. For more on Flipboard, see our
D:Dive Into Mobile interview with CEO Mike McCue (who was also named to
Twitter’s board today). ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20101215/flipboard-caves-to-
user-demand-adds-rss-feeds-and-flickr-and-web-previews/feed/ 1 Exclusive:
Twitter Raises $200 Million at a $3.7 Billion Valuation; Adds McCue and
Rosenblatt to Board http://allthingsd.com/20101215/exclusive-twitter-
raises-200-million-at-3-7-billion-valuation-adds-mccue-and-rosenblatt-to-
board/ http://allthingsd.com/20101215/exclusive-twitter-raises-200-million-
at-3-7-billion-valuation-adds-mccue-and-rosenblatt-to-board/#comments Wed, 15
Dec 2010 20:15:48 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=38535 Twitter has
completed its latest round of funding–$200 million at a $3.7 billion
valuation–with Kleiner Perkins as the lead investor, according to sources
familiar with the situation. Sources said the San Francisco microblogging
service is also adding two new board members: Flipboard’s Mike McCue and David
Rosenblatt, who ran DoubleClick until a bit after it sold to Google. Twitter
recently added former Netscape exec Peter Currie to the board, as BoomTown
previously reported. A Twitter spokesman confirmed the funding and the board
appointments, but declined further comment. The moves are big ones for
Twitter, which is moving fast to upgrade its management and business model
under CEO Dick Costolo, who just posted a blog (see below) on the new funding
and directors, titled “Meaningful Growth (although it was first curiously
called, “Stocking Stuffers,” and was much funnier). But, indeed, a big slug of
cash will surely help the start-up’s expansion efforts and essentially
declares it is not for sale to bigger companies such as Google (quite yet,
that is). As I reported last week, Kleiner partner John Doerr has been pushing
hard to fund Twitter, beating out Russia’s DST Global. Kleiner is the only new
investor in the latest round, which brings its funding total to $360 million
since it was founded about five years ago. The storied Silicon Valley venture
firm, which has been aggressively moving into the Web 2.0 space of late, put
in $150 million, with the remaining $50 million coming from existing
investors. Past investors include Benchmark Capital, Union Square Ventures,
Spark Capital and several other venture firms and angel investors. Adding
Currie, McCue and Rosenblatt are very strong choices for the board. Currie has
deep financial and IPO experience, McCue is a well-connected and innovative
entrepreneur and Rosenblatt brings much-needed online advertising heft. As it
happens, Costolo will appear at our D@CES event in January, where I am
interviewing him and we can talk about all the changes. (Thank goodness the
funding is done, since I was worried about all those awkward pauses.) Here is
new version of Costolo’s blog post on McCue and Rosenblatt (the old one is
below it for you to compare and contrast): Meaningful Growth In the past 12
months, Twitter users sent an astonishing 25 billion Tweets and we added more
than 100 million new registered accounts. In that time, our team has grown
from 130 people to more than 350 today. We’re thankful for every Tweet, every
account, and every talented employee who has decided to join the Twitter team.
This week, we’ve got some big news to share. As part of a significant new
round of funding with investor Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers and existing
investors, we’ve added two new members to Twitter’s board of directors. Please
join us in welcoming Mike McCue and David Rosenblatt. The experience these new
directors bring to Twitter, along with this renewed investment, will help us
continue to grow as a company and business. 2010 was one of the most
meaningful years since Twitter, Inc. was founded in 2007. We operate on a
principle that people are basically good–when you give them a simple way to
express this trait, they prove it to you every day. We’re proud of what
Twitter users have accomplished, we’re proud of our work, and we’re very proud
of our team. Thanks for being a part of this work; it means a lot to us.
Stocking Stuffer Growth is fun. In the past 12 months, Twitter users sent an
astonishing 25 billion Tweets and we added more than 100 million new
registered accounts. In that time, our team has grown from 130 people to more
than 350 today. This week, we added two new members to Twitter’s board of
directors who have strong experience running technology companies: Mike McCue
and David Rosenblatt. Mike was the CEO of Tellme Networks, is currently CEO at
Flipboard and also worked for Netscape and Microsoft (which acquired Tellme in
2007). David is the former CEO of DoubleClick and an ex-Google executive. We
also closed a significant new round of funding, with new investor Kleiner
Perkins Caulfield Byers leading the round. KPCB brings to Twitter a track
record of helping build great companies, ranging from Amazon to Zynga (get it?
A to Z? See how we did that?), and a team with expertise in Internet, mobile
and social platforms. The additional resources and expertise will be extremely
helpful as Twitter continues to grow as a company and business. Thank you to
Twitter users everywhere for making 2010 such a good year. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101215/exclusive-twitter-raises-200-million-
at-3-7-billion-valuation-adds-mccue-and-rosenblatt-to-board/feed/ 8 Flipping
Through Digital Pages With Mike McCue (Video)
http://allthingsd.com/20101207/flipping-through-digital-pages-with-mike-mccue-
video/ http://allthingsd.com/20101207/flipping-through-digital-pages-with-
mike-mccue-video/#comments Wed, 08 Dec 2010 00:19:01 +0000
http://mobilized.allthingsd.com/?p=561 Although Flipboard is Mike McCue’s
latest venture, in some ways it’s old hat. After all, if you loosely define
Flipboard as a browser of sorts, it’s the fourth browser he has been involved
with. (Paper Software, Netscape and Tellme were his earlier forays.) McCue
downplayed concerns that Flipboard appropriates others’ content. He said he
gets more requests from publishers looking to share more content than from
those seeking to have Flipboard include less stuff. He said that the company
is looking to make money with publishers, not ride on their backs. He also
talked about the company’s current pilot program, in which publishers can work
with Flipboard to customize their publications on the iPad app. (Disclosure:
All Things Digital is part of Flipboard’s new publisher beta.) Flipboard
remains an iPad-only proposition, but McCue said the company is tinkering with
other platforms in the labs, such as the iPhone. They haven’t worked with
Android tablets, however, because that would mean hiring a bunch of Android
engineers. Below are some video highlights, but you can get even more of what
McCue said by checking out Liz Gannes’s excellent liveblog. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101207/flipping-through-digital-pages-with-mike-mccue-
video/feed/ 0