WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Education New Microsoft Program Offers Homework Tools
But It’s Clumsy to Use July 28, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » In many American households, homework is a big problem. Teachers
often load up students with far more of it than I recall from my own
prehistoric school career. And parents, squeezed for time by dual careers and
rusty because of rapidly changing curricula, find it is hard to help. Also,
today’s students often have so many after-school activities that even with the
best work ethic, it is a struggle to get through hours of homework and still
get enough sleep before the absurdly early start time at many high schools.
Taking note of this daily homework battle, Microsoft has decided to help — or
at least to see whether it can make some money by addressing the problem. The
software colossus has just introduced Microsoft Student 2006, designed to make
it easier for middle-school and high-school students to attack homework
efficiently by gathering homework resources in one place on the computer.
Microsoft Student, which runs only on PCs equipped with DVD drives and Windows
2000 or Windows XP, is priced at $100, though it is less expensive at places
such as Amazon.com, which sells it for $80. I have been testing this new
product over the past week, reliving the sheer joy of solving algebra
problems, crafting book reports and trying to string together two sentences in
French. My conclusion is that, especially for students who struggle or who
need help getting started on assignments, Microsoft Student can provide some
aid. Still, it is confusing and clumsy to use and disappointing in some
respects. It is really a thin veneer thrown over several existing Microsoft
products, rather than an integrated program designed from the ground up. Under
the covers, Microsoft Student relies heavily on the company’s existing Encarta
encyclopedia, on Microsoft Office and on its Internet Explorer Web browser.
And one of these key elements, Office, isn’t included in the box. If you don’t
own Office, which includes Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint, you will have
to buy it. Microsoft Student has several main features. One, called Learning
Essentials for Students, is a set of templates and help files for Word, Excel
and PowerPoint, designed to assist students in developing good-looking reports
and presentations. The templates don’t include any content, just designs and
tips for how to organize and create school papers. This feature also includes
special templates for writing in German, French and Spanish, including a handy
way to insert foreign characters. There also is a slick virtual graphing
calculator, sort of a software version of the complex scientific calculators
parents must buy their children in better high schools. Another module is an
online math-homework helper that uses problems similar to those in the most
popular math textbooks to show students how they are solved. Microsoft Student
includes the company’s Encarta encyclopedia, with free online updates good
until October 2006. There is a Web-search companion that pops up Encarta
results alongside any Web search the student performs, so the student isn’t
relying on the often-random and sometimes-inaccurate content that litters the
Web. There also are summaries of many great books that include suggested
topics for reports on the books; a database of famous quotations; and sections
grouped by subject that attempt to gather all the program’s resources for each
area of study. These include “how to” articles on getting started doing
various kinds of reports. The weakest part of Microsoft Student, in my tests,
was the encyclopedia searches, including the “companion” searches tied to Web
searches. The search function is dumber and far less precise than Google or
even Microsoft’s own MSN search engine. For instance, when I searched on Roger
Williams, the founder of Rhode Island and a pioneer in religious liberty, I
did get a relevant Encarta article, but I also got articles on baseball
pitcher Roger Clemens, the film “Roger and Me” and various counties and
islands called “Williams.” Putting quotation marks around the search term, a
well-known technique for improving results, didn’t help. In the Web companion,
when I searched for Joseph Reed, a Revolutionary War figure who was a top aide
to George Washington, Microsoft Student came up empty, with only a barely
relevant article on the Articles of Confederation. Instead, it offered
material on Joseph Lieberman, the modern-day senator; the movie “Airport”; a
map of Florida; and a musical clip of Glenn Miller playing “In the Mood,”
which was written by a man named Joe. Google did much better, showing me a
couple of Web sites about Reed. Beyond that, the program is a hassle to use.
It makes you jump between its main module, Office, Internet Explorer, the
graphing calculator and the dictionary, all of which are separate programs,
with different interfaces. Just using the Learning Essentials requires you to
dig out your original Microsoft Office disk, if you can find it, to install
the Student templates. You also have to install the online math helper and an
Encarta toolbar for Internet Explorer, and register for the online portion of
Encarta. For desperate parents and struggling students, Microsoft Student may
provide some homework relief. But it is confusing to use, and the search
function needs a major overhaul. Microsoft should have done better. Write to
Walter S. Mossberg at walt.mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with DVD, Encarta,
Microsoft, PC, Windows, XP Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews
December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December
10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14
pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets
at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives
AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine
Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version