WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg Personal Technology > Music IPod’s Latest Siblings
September 8, 2005 at 11:59 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » Grab a
standard American business card. Now, get a pair of scissors and trim the long
side of the card by 20%. That’s all the space you need to hold over 1,000
songs, plus audio books, podcasts and photos if you buy Apple Computer’s
newest iPod model, the gorgeous and sleek iPod nano. This latest iPod was
publicly revealed yesterday at a razzle-dazzle marketing event orchestrated by
Apple CEO Steve Jobs. But I have been testing a nano for the past few days,
and I am smitten. It’s not only beautiful and incredibly thin, but I found it
exceeds Apple’s performance claims. Apple’s iPod nano In fact, the nano has
the best combination of beauty and functionality of any music player I’ve
tested — including the iconic original white iPod. And it sounds great. I plan
to buy one for myself this weekend, when it is due to reach stores in the
U.S., Europe and Asia. Available in classic iPod white, or a lustrous black
(my favorite), the nano is not only small, it’s stunningly skinny — about the
thickness of five credit cards stacked on top of one another. That means it
can be carried easily in even the snuggest of clothing and the smallest of
purses, and worn comfortably during exercise. You could even carry it in a
wallet, if you were sure you wouldn’t sit on it. Yet the nano, which starts at
$199 in the middle of the iPod range, contains key features previously
available only on the largest, costliest iPods. These include a sharp color
screen, the ability to display the album covers for the songs it’s playing,
and the ability to store a user’s photos and display them in slide shows
accompanied by music. Also, despite its small size, the nano holds plenty of
songs and can play them for a long time. The base $199 model has two gigabytes
of storage, which Apple says can hold 500 songs. A second model, at $249, has
four gigabytes of storage and can hold 1,000 songs, Apple claims. The company
says this slip of a player somehow packs in a large enough battery to play
continuously for 14 hours. In my tests, I found that the nano’s battery lasted
a bit longer than Apple claims — 14 hours and 18 minutes. And I was easily
able to pack around 1,200 songs, plus a couple dozen photos, into the $249
model, because most older pop and rock tunes tend to be shorter than the
notional song Apple uses to calculate capacity. In a second test, I loaded the
entire 16-hour unabridged audio version of “The Da Vinci Code” onto my test
four-gigabyte nano and still had room left over for 1,128 songs, plus my 24
photos, a couple of podcast episodes and about 50 contacts copied from my
computer’s address book. That’s more than enough material for most people,
even if it doesn’t compare with the 15,000 songs or up to 25,000 photos that
Apple says its $399 full-size iPod can hold. Apple is also shipping some
optional accessories for the nano, including colored rubber covers, called
“tubes,” an armband and a desktop dock. But the coolest accessory is a $39
lanyard with earbuds built-in at the neck. I found it to be perfect not only
for exercising, but for walking around with the nano. Overall, in my tests,
the iPod nano performed as advertised, or better. I found no significant flaws
or downsides. The only quirks are that the headphone jack is on the bottom,
because there isn’t room for it on the top; and to make room for the jack, the
standard iPod connector port that hooks up to many accessories has been placed
off-center. But neither of these oddities matters much. In fact, the bottom-
mounted headphone jack makes the optional lanyard earbuds possible, and keeps
the screen oriented properly when you’re wearing them. Despite its small size,
the nano sounded as good as any other iPod, and is packed with plenty of audio
power. Plugged into my car speakers, it was able to belt out the new Fountains
of Wayne rocker, “Maureen,” loudly enough to be heard perfectly, even though I
was going 70 mph in a convertible with the top down. The nano replaces the
wildly popular iPod mini, which had been Apple’s smallest full-feature iPod.
When the mini came out in February 2004, it seemed incredibly small and sleek
compared with the original iPod, which itself seemed amazingly small compared
with its competitors. But the nano is 62% smaller than the iPod mini, is half
as thick and weighs less than half as much. Yet it holds as many songs as the
base model mini. The four-gigabyte nano costs $50 more than the mini of the
same capacity, but it is even more stylish and easier to carry, and it
includes a color screen where the mini’s was monochrome. It also displays the
album title for every song you play, which the mini omitted. This combination
of small size, good battery life and healthy capacity is made possible by the
fact that the nano stores its music and photos on slim, small chips called
flash memory modules, instead of the hard disks used by most earlier iPods.
Flash memory not only takes up less room than a hard disk does, but it uses
less power and isn’t as susceptible to skipping due to motion, or damage from
drops. In fact, during my tests, I dropped the nano several times,
deliberately, from a height of about 3 feet, and it didn’t miss a beat. I also
wore it around my neck on the lanyard during a couple of hours of pounding
treadmill exercise, and it never skipped or froze. There are dozens of small,
flash-based music players, but I haven’t seen any that combine the nano’s size
and features. These features include the relatively large, 1.5 inch high-
resolution color screen; Apple’s famous iPod navigation wheel; and the
standard iPod connector port, which links to numerous iPod accessories. Most
flash players have tiny screens that are hard to read, lousy navigation and
few or no accessories. Apple’s low-end iPod, the shuffle, which is even
smaller than the nano and remains in the lineup starting at $99, is also a
flash player. But it is barely a true iPod, because it lacks a screen, the
scroll wheel and the connector. In my tests, the nano synchronized perfectly
with both a Mac and a Windows PC running Apple’s iTunes software, and I was
able to easily buy songs from iTunes and play them on the nano. The company
introduced another flash-based player yesterday, but it’s not an iPod. It’s a
phone called the ROKR, made by Motorola, that contains iPod-like software,
made by Apple, for playing music. The phone, which Apple didn’t design, is
chubby and lacks the iPod navigation wheel. And it holds just 100 songs. It’s
essentially a huge iPod shuffle with a screen. (I’ll review the ROKR in a
later column.) Surely music-playing phones are a big part of the future of
digital music, and Apple will be involved with more of them over time. But the
company clearly considers the new iPod nano a much bigger deal for now. In
fact, it hopes that the nano’s slender size and ample capacity will blunt the
belief that people don’t want to carry a separate phone and music player. All
I can say is: It sure is small and it sure is cool. Email me at
mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with Apple, iPod, Nano, Steve Jobs Search the Mossberg
Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and
Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version