WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka No Matter How Hard You Squint At It, the New York Times
Can’t Be a TV Company October 8, 2013 at 11:19 am PT Tweet Share Print The New
York Times continues to struggle with advertising. That’s not getting better
anytime soon. But the publisher has had luck getting readers to pay for the
paper, which is why circulation revenue continues to rise. Last year, the
Times made more money from subscribers than from advertisers. The result, said
Barclays analyst Kannan Venkateshwar, is that the Times is morphing from a
traditional newspaper company into something different: A “content company,”
which he compares to TV powerhouses like Disney, Time Warner, CBS and Viacom —
all of which boast multiple revenue streams, strong subscription businesses
and more generous valuations from Wall Street than traditional publishers
receive. Venkateshwar has been a (guarded) optimist about the Times’ future
for a while. And this forecast requires some leaps of faith. It assumes, for
instance, that newish Times CEO Mark Thompson figures out a video strategy
that serves both readers and advertisers — something that no other news
publisher has really cracked yet. It also assumes that the Times’ conference
business, which has been more or less dormant until the last year or so, kicks
into high gear. And, if all of that works, and investors buy the New York
Times = Disney comp Venkateshwar is making, then perhaps the Times will see
another stock-price bump. The problem with all of this theorizing: Disney and
its peers do well on Wall Street because they are charter members of the TV
Industrial Complex, which means they are all but guaranteed to make piles of
money, supplied by you, the pay-TV subscriber. This could end one day, of
course, courtesy of Google/Netflix/someone to be named later, but if you hold
your breath waiting for that, you’re going to run out of oxygen. In the
meantime, the TV Industrial Complex is a super-exclusive club that has no
intention of accepting new members. If you’re willing to spend a ton of money,
you can buy a temporary pass, but you won’t get the most important membership
perks. So, no matter how good Mark Thompson is at transforming the Times into
a new-fangled content machine, it’s never going to be a TV network. Hard to
see Wall Street believing otherwise. Tagged with: advertising, Barclays, CBS,
circulation, cord cutting, Disney, Google, Kannan Venkateshwar, Netflix, New
York Times, newspapers, subscription, Time Warner, TV Industrial Complex,
Viacom Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re
Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One
Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays!
Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT
Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White
Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version