WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Will Bing Sneak Onto the iPad? March 31, 2010 at 5:25 am
PT Tweet Share Print Sure, Apple and Google have gone from pals to frenemies
to outright rivals. But would Steve Jobs and company really dump the search
giant in favor of Microsoft’s Bing? Speculation about a potential Google/Bing
swap on Apple’s platforms has swirled for months, but Barclays Capital analyst
Douglas Anmuth notes that we’ll get our first real clue in a couple days. When
Apple ships its first iPads on Saturday, lots of Google (GOOG) investors will
head straight to the gadget’s Web browser to see which search engine Apple
(AAPL) is using as its default choice. Straightforward logic: If Bing ends up
on the iPad, then the iPhone–with its installed base of 48 million units–would
be next. Microsoft (MSFT) would certainly like to have pole position, and
Anmuth notes that the company has bought Bing some distribution via toolbar
deals with HP (HPQ), Dell (DELL), Verizon (VZ) and others. So what does he
think will happen this weekend? Overall, we believe there is a better than 50%
probability that Google remains the default on Apple mobile devices–if nothing
more because Apple is extremely focused on the user experience and Google’s
65%+ search market share speaks for itself. As a result, Apple may not want to
risk disrupting the iPad or iPhone user experience with a shift to Bing.
Shorter version: Google may stay. Or go. We’ll see. Tagged with: Apple, Apple
Tablet Feature, Barclays Capital, Bing, browser, deals, Dell, devices,
digital, distribution, Douglas Anmuth, Google, HP, installed base, Internet,
investors, iPad, iPhone, market share, MediaMemo, Microsoft, Peter Kafka,
platform, search, Steve Jobs, toolbar, units, user experience, Verizon, Web
Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching
TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is
Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook
Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-
Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix
Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC
Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version