WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Bonnie Cha ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @BonnieSCha
Reviews > Laptops Acer Aspire R7’s Bold Design Backfires June 6, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » If you’ve gone laptop shopping
lately, you might have noticed that the designs are getting a lot more
interesting. There are notebooks that twist, flip, slide and detach. And just
when you thought you’ve seen it all, along comes the Acer Aspire R7. The
Windows 8 laptop, which costs $1,000, features a pivoting touchscreen that
allows you to position it at different angles, including on top of the
keyboard, so you can use it as a tablet. It’s a slightly different take on the
convertible laptops that are already out there, but one of the things that
makes the Aspire R7 stand out is that Acer has switched the position of the
keyboard and touchpad. (Yes, you read that right, and, no, you’re not living
in Bizarro World.) The idea behind the move is to make the touchscreen, not
the touchpad, the focal point of all interactions. On the one hand, I applaud
Acer for trying something new, but on the other hand, it doesn’t really work.
I’ve used the Aspire R7 as my primary computer for the past few days, and
though I have come to rely on the touchscreen more, there are still times
where the precision of a touchpad is needed, and having to reach over the
keyboard to use it is awkward. Plus, the laptop’s larger size doesn’t make for
a good tablet experience. Sadly, these design quirks trip up an otherwise
solid laptop. The Aspire R7 is not what you’d call a thin-and-light notebook.
Encased in an aluminum chassis, it measures 14.83 inches wide by 10.02 inches
tall and 1.12 inches deep, and weighs 5.29 pounds. By comparison, the Lenovo
IdeaPad Yoga 13, another Windows 8 convertible laptop, measures 13.1 inches
wide by 8.9 inches tall by 0.67 inch thick, and weighs 3.3 pounds. Along the
left and right sides are multiple connectors, including two USB 3.0 ports, one
USB 2.0 port, an HDMI port and an SD card reader. It’s solidly built, but it
wasn’t easy to tote around or use as a tablet. Instead, it felt more like a
compact all-in-one PC, and with its pivoting display it looked sort of looked
like one, too. The 15-inch, 1,920 by 1,080 pixel touchscreen is mounted to an
adjustable arm, and can be maneuvered into different positions, thanks to a
hinge design — something Acer calls the Ezel hinge. There are four ways to use
the Aspire R7: Notebook, Ezel, Display and Pad. As soon as you open up the
laptop, you’re in traditional notebook mode. Then you can pull the display
toward you to gain better access to the touchscreen (Ezel mode), or flip the
screen all the way over if you just want to enjoy your media files in Display
mode. Finally, Pad mode allows you to lay the touchscreen on top of the
keyboard, so you can use it like a tablet. I have to say I really liked the
ability to adjust the position and angle of the screen. My vision isn’t what
it used to be, so being able to bring the display closer to me was helpful,
especially when using the computer in darker environments. I can’t do that
with my MacBook Air. But, as I mentioned, the position of the keyboard and
touchpad pretty much negates any benefits of the pivoting display. While it’s
a change to have the keyboard closer to me, and I found it roomy and easy to
use, interacting with the touchpad was just weird. In a way, Acer was
successful in its goal of creating a more touchscreen-friendly environment.
Compared to some of the other Windows 8 computers I’ve tested, like the Sony
Vaio Tap 20, I used the touchscreen a lot more for tasks like launching
applications and navigating through menus, simply because it was easier than
using the touchpad. Still, there are multiple scenarios where I wanted the
control of a touchpad, such as when I was clicking on Web links or inserting a
cursor into a certain spot. Having to reach across the keyboard and click on
the touchpad was uncomfortable, and it’s something I never got used to during
my time with the Aspire R7. By the end of the week, I just connected a mouse
because I grew so frustrated with the whole experience. The Aspire R7 also
makes for an awkward tablet because of the laptop’s larger size. It’s not
something you can easily hold to read e-books or view videos. In addition, the
display doesn’t lie exactly flat against the keyboard. Instead, the screen
tilts at a four-degree angle, which Acer says helps for browsing, writing or
drawing on the laptop. But I think it makes for an even more cumbersome
tablet. As a laptop, the Aspire R7 offers midrange features. It’s powered by
an Intel Core i5 processor and has a 500 gigabyte hard drive, 20GB solid-state
drive and 6GB of RAM. In addition to Windows 8, Acer ships the laptop with a
bunch of extra software. I found some of it useful, like iCookbook for looking
up recipes, but others — like Acer’s proprietary software — I could have done
without. I used the laptop for basic word processing, surfing the Web and
streaming video from services like Netflix and Hulu, and it performed
smoothly, without any noticeable lag. The display is sharp and bright, and
with four integrated stereo speakers, sound was loud and rich. In my harsh
battery test, where I turned off all power-saving features, turned the screen
brightness to 100 percent, kept Wi-Fi on to fetch email in the background and
played a continuous loop of music, the Aspire R7 only lasted three hours.
That’s an hour and a half less than the Lenovo Yoga 13, and three hours less
than the MacBook Air. That said, the Aspire R7 has a larger display than the
other two laptops, which can affect battery life. Also, I was able to get four
hours and 35 minutes of battery life when watching video with the screen set
to 75 percent brightness with Wi-Fi and email running in the background. Acer
gets points for coming up with a new design. Without taking risks, we’d be
left with a bunch of laptops that look and act alike. Unfortunately, it didn’t
work out this time. The Aspire R7’s ergonomic issues make it difficult to use,
and until the company can resolve those issues, it’s best to hold off on
buying it. Tagged with: Acer Aspire R7, convertibles, laptops, Lenovo Ideapad
Yoga 13, notebooks, Windows 8 Qualcomm’s Toq Smartwatch Needs More Time
December 26, 2013 at 6:00 am PT They’re Baaaack. Tabs Return to Yahoo Mail.
December 19, 2013 at 11:15 am PT Sony PlayStation 4 Makes Right Play for
Gamers December 19, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows
Tablet in Need of Apps December 12, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Uncovering a More
Useful Android Lock Screen December 05, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version