Media No Matter How Hard You Squint At It, the New York Times Can’t Be a TV
Company Published on October 8, 2013 by Peter Kafka The New York Times
continues to struggle with advertising.Â That’s not getting better anytime
soon. But the publisher has had luck getting readers to pay for the paper,
which is why circulation revenue continues to rise. Last year, the Times made
more money from subscribers than from advertisers. The result, said Barclays
analyst Kannan Venkateshwar, is that the Times is morphing from a traditional
newspaper company into something different: A “content company,” which he
compares to TV powerhouses like Disney, Time Warner, CBS and Viacom — all of
which boast multiple revenue streams, strong subscription businesses and more
generous valuations from Wall Street than traditional publishers receive.
Venkateshwar has been a (guarded) optimist about the Times’ future for a
while. And this forecast requires some leaps of faith. It assumes, for
instance, that newish Times CEO Mark Thompson figures out a video strategy
that serves both readers and advertisers — something that no other news
publisher has really cracked yet. It also assumes that the Times’ conference
business, which has been more or less dormant until the last year or so, kicks
into high gear. And, if all of that works,Â and investors buy the New York
Times = Disney compÂ Venkateshwar is making, then perhaps the Times will see
another stock-price bump. The problem with all of this theorizing: Disney and
its peers do well on Wall Street because they are charter members of the TV
Industrial Complex, which means they are all but guaranteed to make piles of
money, supplied by you, the pay-TV subscriber. This could end one day, of
course, courtesy of Google/Netflix/someone to be named later, but if you hold
your breath waiting for that, you’re going to run out of oxygen. In the
meantime, the TV Industrial Complex is a super-exclusive club that has no
intention of accepting new members. If you’re willing to spend a ton of money,
you can buy a temporary pass, but you won’t get the most important membership
perks. So, no matter how good Mark Thompson is at transforming the Times into
a new-fangled content machine, it’s never going to be a TV network. Hard to
see Wall Street believing otherwise. Return to: No Matter How Hard You Squint
At It, the New York Times Can’t Be a TV Company URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20131008/no-matter-how-hard-you-squint-at-it-the-new-
york-times-cant-be-a-tv-company/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | ©
2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.