WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka “Breaking Bad” Is Big on Twitter, Facebook — And TV, Too
August 12, 2013 at 12:09 pm PT Tweet Share Print It wasn’t just your
imagination: A lot of people were tweeting and Facebooking about “Breaking
Bad” yesterday. Just as important, at least for the people behind the show: A
lot of people watched it, too. At least by the standards of cable TV: AMC says
5.9 million people watched last night’s show, which kicks off the last season
of the excellent cancer-ridden-science-teacher-becomes-meth-kingpin series.
That’s up double from the first episode of last summer’s season. The leap in
online conversation about “Breaking Bad” was even bigger. “Social TV” chatter
tracker Trendrr counted 1.18 million “interactions” about the show last night
on Twitter, Facebook and other services. That’s way, way up from the 268,000
“Likes,” comments, etc., that Trendrr saw last year.* So: What does that tell
us, if anything, about the relationship between all that chatter and last
night’s ratings? Probably not that much. While Nielsen now says it has
evidence that Twitter chatter can boost ratings for some shows, sometimes,
it’s probably just as likely that last night’s ratings reflect other factors.
Like weeks of publicity, as well as the series’ performance on Netflix, where
the previous episodes are popular binge fare. And while lots of people had
lots to say about the show last night, in my feed there didn’t seem to be that
much conversation during the show itself. Maybe that’s just the peculiarity of
my feed, but my hunch is that “Breaking Bad” is a great show to talk about
after the fact (and good luck avoiding spoilers the next day). But when
“Breaking Bad” is on, I want to watch “Breaking Bad,” and I really don’t care
what any of you have to say for that hour. Nothing personal. Have an A-1 Day!
* Note that Nielsen’s SocialGuide counted 760,000 Tweets from 400,000 users
for the same show. Given that Facebook has a much larger audience of TV
chatterers than Twitter does, it’s hard to reconcile Trendrr’s numbers with
Nielsen/SocialGuide’s, but that’s the nature of the social TV beast. Tagged
with: AMC, Breaking Bad, Facebook, Netflix, Nielsen, social TV, Trendrr, TV,
Twitter, video, Web video Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch
TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT
(Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy
Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm
PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter
White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version