Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
welcomes new board member Dr. Robert Hershberg, founder and CEO of VentiRx
Pharmaceuticals 02/22/2013 SEATTLE, WA, February 21, 2013 – Adaptive
Biotechnologies Corporation, a leading provider of next generation sequencing
assays for the adaptive immune system, announced today that Robert Hershberg,
M.D., Ph.D., has joined the company’s board of directors. Dr. Hershberg will
work closely with the board and management team to focus on corporate strategy
and clinical development. “Rob has been a respected leader and visionary in
our industry for years,” said Adaptive CEO and President Chad Robins. “He’s
been a pioneer in developing immunotherapeutic approaches to cancer and brings
a wealth of experience in the clinical, regulatory and strategic planning
disciplines. I look forward to working with him as we expand our offerings to
clinical applications.” Dr. Hershberg is a founder of VentiRx Pharmaceuticals
and serves as Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors.
VentiRx Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company
committed to the development and commercialization of novel medicines for the
treatment of cancer. The company’s initial focus is developing novel small
molecule product candidates targeting Toll-like receptor 8 (TLR8) for oncology
and allergy. Talking about his new board position, Dr. Hershberg said,
“Adaptive is at the forefront of utilizing next generation techniques to
profile the immune system. In particular, the company’s application of its
technology to the diagnosis and prognosis of cancer patients is novel and
exciting. I am optimistic that my background in immunology, oncology and
immunotherapy will be helpful to Chad and his team, and will complement other
members of Adaptive’s accomplished Board.” Prior to VentiRx, Dr. Hershberg
served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at Dendreon
Corporation, developing immunotherapy approaches for cancer. In this capacity,
Dr. Hershberg led the Clinical, Regulatory, and Biometrics groups, focusing on
the development of Provenge™ in metastatic prostate cancer. Previously, Dr.
Hershberg was an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School and an
associate physician at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston,
Massachusetts. He completed his undergraduate degree in molecular biology and
M.D. at UCLA, and his Ph.D. in Biology at the Salk Institute. Dr. Hershberg is
clinically-boarded in Medical Genetics, and holds current clinical and
research faculty positions at the University of Washington School of Medicine.
About Adaptive Biotechnologies Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation
(http://www.adaptivebiotech.com), headquartered in Seattle, WA, is pioneering
the field of genomic immunology. The company’s core competency is developing
next generation sequencing assays that characterize the adaptive immune
system, serving as a platform technology to the research and clinical
communities as well as the biopharmaceutical industry. Adaptive operates a
state-of-the-art high throughput centralized laboratory in Seattle that is
CLIA certified and will be accepting clinical samples in 2013. Its flagship
commercial product, immunoSEQ (http://www.immunoSEQ.com), uses a proprietary
immune profiling assay to analyze T cells and B cells – critical components of
the adaptive immune system’s defense against disease – with unprecedented
depth and specificity. In 2013, the company will introduce clonoSEQ
(http://www.clonoseq.com),a clinical assay to measure and monitor minimal
residual disease (MRD) in a range of blood-based cancers that is significantly
more sensitive than today’s most common tests. All of Adaptive
Biotechnologies’ assays are coupled with a cloud-computing infrastructure that
simplifies the interpretation of massive quantities of data in a user-friendly
interface. Previous Press Release Sequenta Launches ClonoSIGHT, First
Sequencing-based Minimal Residual Disease Test for Leukemia and Lymphoma
02/13/2013 Next Press Release Adaptive scientists develop “virtual flow
cytometry” – a new approach to distinguish CD4+ from CD8+ T cells using only
high-throughput sequencing on the immunoSEQ platform. 02/25/2013
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses