News Apple Accuses Samsung of Sharing Confidential Nokia Patent-Licensing
Details Published on October 3, 2013 by John Paczkowski Apple has asked a
California court to sanction Samsung for inappropriately sharing with its
executives a confidential patent-licensing deal shielded by protective order
in its landmark intellectual-property case against the company. A new filing
in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on
Wednesday shows Apple alleging that some “Highly Confidential — Attorneys’
Eyes Only” licensing agreements it provided to Samsung’s outside counsel were
given to the Korean company’s executives. Those agreements described the terms
of an Apple-Nokia patent license and were not to be shared with anyone beyond
Samsung’s legal team. But, according to Apple, they were. The company alleges
that they somehow found their way, unredacted, into the hands of dozens of
Samsung executives, including Dr. Seungho Ahn, who leveraged them during
licensing negotiations with Nokia. From the filing: According to a declaration
from Nokia’s Chief Intellectual Property Officer, Paul Melin, on June 4, 2013,
in a meeting between Samsung and Nokia licensing executives, Dr. Seungho Ahn
informed Nokia that the terms of the Apple-Nokia license were known to him.
Specifically, according to Mr. Melin, Dr. Ahn stated that Apple had produced
the Apple-Nokia license in its litigation with Samsung, and that Samsung’s
outside counsel had provided his team with the terms of the Apple-Nokia
license. Mr. Melin recounts that to prove to Nokia that he knew the
confidential terms of the Apple-Nokia license, Dr. Ahn recited the terms of
the license, and even went so far as to tell Nokia that “all information
leaks.” Mr. Melin also reports that Dr. Ahn and Samsung then proceeded to use
his knowledge of the terms of the Apple- Nokia license to gain an unfair
advantage in their negotiations with Nokia, by asserting that the Apple-Nokia
terms should dictate terms of a Samsung-Nokia license. Shady stuff, if it’s
true — and troubling. U.S. Magistrate Judge Paul Grewal has ordered Samsung to
make Ahn available for deposition, and scheduled a hearing on the matter for
Oct. 22. Samsung declined comment. Return to: Apple Accuses Samsung of Sharing
Confidential Nokia Patent-Licensing Details URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20131003/apple-accuses-samsung-of-sharing-confidential-
nokia-patent-licensing-details/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | ©
2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.