Mossberg’s Mailbox Windows XP: Home v. Professional Published on April 14,
2005 by Walt Mossberg There’s no other major item most of us own that is as
confusing, unpredictable and unreliable as our personal computers. Everybody
has questions about them, and we aim to help. Here are a few questions about
computers I’ve received recently from people like you, and my answers. I have
edited and restated the questions a bit, for readability. This week my mailbox
contained questions about Windows XP and security patches for the Apple
operating system. If you have a question, send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com,
and I may select it to be answered here in Mossberg’s Mailbox. Because of the
volume of e-mail I receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by
e-mail, or consult on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all
questions I receive and select three each week to answer in the column. I am
going to order a new computer using Windows XP. Would it improve the
computer’s security if I chose XP Professional over the Home version? Probably
not. Windows XP Professional does add some features that the Home version
lacks. But they are mainly related to configuring the computer for certain
kinds of corporate networks and for enabling remote access. They don’t include
any significant additional security measures that would protect a home user
with a typical setup. A home user might want to choose the Pro version if he
or she regularly connects to a large corporate or college network from home.
Some of these networks use a security system that works only with XP Pro, not
XP Home. You wrote that installing the Service Pack 2 on Windows XP has caused
problems for some users, but that you still recommend installing it. Do you
continue to recommend it? It’s not a black-and-white issue. There’s no doubt
that SP2 closes a multitude of security holes that digital criminals have used
to attack or invade Windows computers. But, like any major update to an
operating system, it can cause problems — sometimes serious problems — for
some users. Also, SP2 isn’t a security panacea. It hasn’t eliminated the virus
or spyware problems on Windows PCs, and SP2 users still need a bunch of extra
security software. However, the security mess on the Windows platform is so
severe that, on balance, I do recommend SP2. Just make sure to back up all of
your important files, including e-mail, before installing SP2 — or any other
major upgrade to an operating system, on any platform. If the Macintosh is
invulnerable to viruses, as you often say, why does Apple issue security
patches for its operating system, just like Microsoft? First of all, the
Macintosh isn’t invulnerable to viruses, and I have never said so. In fact, I
have written the opposite. What I have said repeatedly is that, so far, there
haven’t been any reports of successful viruses for Apple’s current operating
system, Mac OS X. By successful, I mean a virus that infects, and spreads
among, the computers of real users — not just machines in a test lab.
Nevertheless, Apple does issue security patches for OS X, because the company,
and outside experts, periodically discover theoretical vulnerabilities that
might be exploited by virus writers and other digital criminals. Microsoft
does the same thing, but it also has to act on occasion to patch Windows to
stop actual successful viruses. * * * Because of the volume of e-mail I
receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or consult
on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I receive
and select three each week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S.
Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Return to: Windows XP: Home v. Professional URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20050414/xp-home-vs-pro/ Brought to you by The Wall
Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.