WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Evernote’s Phil Libin and Flipboard’s Mike McCue on iOS 7
and OS X Mavericks June 11, 2013 at 12:37 pm PT Tweet Share Print It’s easy to
tell what Apple thinks of iOS 7, with everyone from Tim Cook on down praising
it as the biggest thing since the iPhone. To get a reality check, we chatted
just after the keynote finished with two prominent Apple developers: Evernote
CEO Phil Libin and Flipboard CEO Mike McCue. Both liked what they saw, but
said they needed more details to really know what it means for them. As for
Libin, the one thing he’s certain of is that he is going to get the new Mac
Pro that Apple premiered at the conference. Here are his answers to a few
other questions. Have they made life easier for you as a developer? Libin:
We’re never looking for our life to be made easier. I’ve never been this
excited about just how much work is ahead of us over the next couple months.
We are going to rethink a lot of things with iOS 7, but I think it is going to
be great. What are the biggest opportunities? The whole look is different.
That’s not just changing the icon. It’s rethinking every part of the app. It’s
going to be a total overhaul just to make the app worthy of the new iOS. But
also a bunch of the capabilities sound really exciting. I’m really interested
to see what the new multitasking APIs are. That’s one thing we’ve always
wanted more on the phones on iOS — better background processing, better
multitasking, a bit more connections with other services or other apps. We’ll
see what we can do there. Were there any features you hoped for you didn’t
see? I try to keep my expectations pretty open-ended, since guessing what they
are going to do is pretty random. I was happy to see the redesign was not just
cosmetic. What about on the Mac? Were there any changes there for what you
guys do? I’m definitely going to get the new Mac Pro as soon as I can get it.
That was pretty sweet. The new OS X — it seems like a bunch of incremental
improvements. The things we use in OS X that are getting better are
notifications. … I’d love to see how we can play with the new maps, if maybe
we can integrate with the tag system they have — if we can make Evernote tags
[work] with the Finder tabs they have. Update: I followed up with Libin to see
what he was thinking a day later. “I’ve had some time to play with iOS 7 now
and it’s confirmed my initial reaction: This is a very big deal for us,” he
said. “We’re going to have to do a serious redesign of our apps to really take
advantage of the new capabilities, but it’ll lead to a much better product.
Lots of work, lots of excitement.” Asa Mathat | D: All Things Digital As for
Flipboard’s McCue, he said the new software was inspiring to him as both a
developer and user and that “everybody has to step up their game a bit.”
Here’s what he had to say in response to our questions. Was there anything
specific in iOS 7 for you? Are there new opportunities created? McCue:
Multitasking for me. I need to get a little bit more detail. To the extent we
can do some things like downloading in the background, that’s absolutely huge.
There’s a lot of great new UI stuff. I think the clean look of iOS is very
compatible with how we think of things. I loved the notifications integration
into OS X. Would you do an OS X version of Flipboard? It’s certainly one of
the most requested things we have on our list. Certainly we’ve thought about
it quite some time, but we’ll have to see. Were you at all concerned with the
new reading list feature where you go from one story recommended by your
friends to another? Obviously some people use Flipboard for that. Not really.
There’s all sorts of different capabilities that are built into browsers these
days that let you do that kind of stuff. Flipboard, especially today, has
evolved into a whole ecosystem of people building magazines and sharing
content. I think more ways to see your tweets integrated into the OS is a good
thing overall. Tagged with: Apple, Evernote, Flipboard, iOS, iOS 7, Mac OS X,
Mac OS X Mavericks, Mavericks, Mike McCue, notifications, Phil Libin, Reading
List, Safari Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to
a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan
Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s
John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at
10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica
December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as
Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version