Enterprise A Trillion and Change: That’s How Much Emerging Markets Will Spend
on IT in 2012 Published on April 3, 2012 by Arik Hesseldahl We’ve been hearing
for years how the emerging economies of the world are, well, not only
emerging, but growing like weeds in a fertilizer factory. Now we have some
idea of what that actually means, courtesy of the tech research firm Gartner:
Collectively, countries that fit into the “emerging” category will spend a
cool $1.22 trillion on IT — professional and consumer technologies combined —
this year. Now you understand why executives at large tech companies like
Intel, IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Cisco Systems get so excited when they talk
about places like Brazil, India and elsewhere. Brazil in particular is just a
big part of a surging Latin American region, Gartner says, where spending will
total $326 billion; nearly half of that in the professional sector, the other
half in consumer. By adding Mexico, Gartner also adds a fifth member to the
four-country BRIC club comprised of Brazil, Russia, India and China. The five
countries that make up the BRIMC club will account for 17 percent, or $658
billion, of IT spending this year, the firm says. The Asia Pacific Region will
account for the most among the emerging economies: $496 billion. The Middle
East and Africa will account for $244 billion in spending, more than a third
of that coming from Saudi Arabia, Turkey and South Africa. Central and Eastern
Europe, led by Russia and followed by Poland and the Czech Republic, will
account for $158 billion. Luis Anavitarte, the Gartner analyst who led the
study, says that while that seems like an awful lot of healthy spending,
buyers are still cautious. He said in a statement that he expects to see
aggressive efforts made to go after new consumer buyers in all of these
countries, which brings to mind Apple’s aggressive retail push in China. Also,
expect to see a lot of spending on cloud computing and mobile technologies at
the office. (Image taken from what someone thinks a trillion-dollar bill might
look like. Of course, no such bill exists.) Return to: A Trillion and Change:
That’s How Much Emerging Markets Will Spend on IT in 2012 URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20120403/a-trillion-and-change-thats-how-much-emerging-
markets-will-spend-on-it-in-2012/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal |
© 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.