WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Interview: HP CEO Meg Whitman on Keeping the
PC Business October 27, 2011 at 5:08 pm PT Tweet Share Print I just got off
the phone with Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman and HP’s executive vice
president Todd Bradley: We talked about HP’s decision to keep its PC-making
Personal Systems Group, which Bradley runs, inside HP, rather than spin it off
into a separate company. The decision amounts to the first — and it may turn
out to be the only — repudiation so far of the strategic steps taken by HP’s
prior CEO, Léo Apotheker. HP rolled out the decision to “study strategic
alternatives” for the PC unit in a messy, multipronged announcement on Aug.
18. The spinoff scenario made little sense in light of two key factors: HP is
the biggest PC maker in the world, and while its profit margins are slim, its
market lead over rivals Dell and Acer continues to widen. Second, by staying
in the PC business, HP continues as the world’s largest consumer of chips and
hard drives and other key components that are used across its other lines of
products, like enterprise servers and even printers. Cutting off its PC
business would have weakened HP from a negotiating standpoint with suppliers
like Intel, Seagate and others, and would thus cut into HP’s more profitable
lines of business. So when Whitman says of the PC business that “together we
are stronger,” she’s not kidding. It’s a fundamental truth of HP’s business.
That Aug. 18 announcement also included the end of HP’s webOS hardware
business; the $11.7 billion acquisition of the British software firm Autonomy;
and, last but not least, a reduction in its revenue outlook for the fiscal
year. Apotheker lost his job 35 days later. During a 30-minute conference call
with analysts today, Whitman said to expect to hear her speak more about cloud
computing in the near future. HP’s cloud-based initiative was announced by
Apotheker in March, at a major HP event in San Francisco. Also during today’s
call, Whitman said that she wants to make sure that HP isn’t spreading itself
too thin. “I’m a big believer in doing a small set of things really, really
well,” she said. Still outstanding, and apparently undecided, is the fate of
the webOS business. HP killed the hardware aspect of that business following
ridiculously poor sales of its TouchPad tablet. Since then, the message has
been on again, off again as HP has variously cut the prices on its existing
inventory of TouchPads, then committed to making a few more, as consumers
swooped in to buy them at a discount. There were no decisions about that
today. But given that Whitman, as an HP director, first signed off on the plan
to explore the spinoff of the PC business, and has now decided against it as
HP’s CEO, my first question for her was essentially this: What changed?
AllThingsD: So, Meg and Todd, let’s start at the top. Meg, in August, when you
were a member of HP’s board of directors, you signed off on the decision to
explore a spinoff, and now you’re going in the other direction. What changed
your mind? Whitman: As a board member, I supported the idea of exploring
strategic options. This was an idea that had been floated for quite some time.
We didn’t wake up this summer and decide to do it, so it wasn’t a new idea. We
were looking at this from a real position of strength. This is a fabulous
business. It’s No. 1 in its business, and profitable, which is quite different
from the IBM-Lenovo decision a few years ago. So I was supportive. As a board
member, I thought that if it’s better for customers and better for
shareholders, we should look at it. I mean, that’s your fiduciary obligation
as a board member. And then when I came on as CEO, I asked for a really data-
driven analysis, line by line, cost center by cost center, of what the real
cost synergies would be, or what the increased costs would be, and what the
revenue losses or synergies might be. We had 18 different work streams with
more than 100 people involved in this, and it was a real tour de force,
because it’s something that HP does really well. And the math was very
compelling on this. The costs to separate were far greater than the costs to
remain together. That was the first thing we did. The second thing was that we
talked to customers and channel partners, and the feedback was, by and large,
that “you are stronger together.” They appreciate the full line of products.
They appreciate the supply-chain synergies and cost reductions you get by
being one company. So after we went through the analysis, it was compelling. I
keep coming back to the idea that you buy more parts than anyone else, and so
being the biggest PC maker would necessarily weaken your ability to negotiate
with suppliers like, say, Intel. You get a better price on chips for servers
by also being the biggest maker of PCs, for which Intel also supplies a lot of
chips. Is it really that simple, or is it more complicated? Whitman: That’s
one element of it. We are the largest buyer of components, we have the best
supply chain. And we’re stronger and bigger in server storage and networking
because we have PCs. Bradley: Over the past six years, myself, VJ Joshi [HP’s
head of printing and imaging] and Dave Donatelli worked very closely to see
where we can consolidate and coordinate our supply-chain efforts, whether
that’s buying things from Intel or logistics providers or manufacturing
facilities. So there’s a breadth of integration that takes place. We all want
to get what leverage we can out of commonality, without destroying the ability
to innovate within each one of our very different businesses. To give credit
where it’s due, a lot of Mark Hurd’s leadership was around getting a lot of
efficiency out of our supply chain … Whitman: Absolutely. Bradley: … and it
clearly has been a big driver to the profitability in PSG. Whitman: The other
thing that Mark did was, he centralized IT and human resources and real estate
and finance, and he saved a lot of money. And he leveraged that infrastructure
for the benefit of all these operating divisions. And when you think about
spinning off a division after the successful integration of all these costs,
its really hard, because you have to create a whole new subset of IT, or a
whole new finance system, and that’s not inexpensive. The fact then remains
that PCs are a difficult business. The profit margins are thin, the
competitive environment is tough — though you’re certainly on top of it now.
There are challenges and difficulties — and Meg, you even conceded on the
conference call that keeping PCs will weigh a bit on the overall profit
margin. But I guess what I’m asking is: What’s going right about PCs, and
what’s going wrong about it that you intend to fix? Bradley: First off, I
think we all at HP — not just in the PC — we focus on continual improvement.
Our service to customers will never be good enough, the quality of our
products will never be superior enough. It’s a quest for us, every day, to
continually improve. From a margin perspective, we make a host of products,
from calculators to Superdome computers. And the blending of those margins is
something that Meg and Cathie [CFO Cathie Lesjak] take into account as they
provide guidance both externally and internally. Our role in our big
businesses is to optimize performance from a growth and profit perspective,
and I think we do that pretty well. Everyone always says the PC business is
really hard. I’m anxious to find a business that’s easy, because I’m ready to
sign up. (Laughs.) Well, since you bring it up, there’s been an awful lot of
speculation as to your career plans, Todd. Can you say what they are now?
Bradley: I’m still planning to continue to drive PSG the way we have. We have
a great team of people, and I think Meg — and I’ll say this as politely as I
can — Meg has filled the leadership void that I think the company needed
pretty broadly. So we’re done speculating what your next step may be? Whitman:
We are. Bradley: I am. I have no plans, other than to focus on how we drive
PSG and HP. There are great people here to work with. It’s fair to say we
learned things. This process has shown us some areas that we’re going to
improve on pretty quickly. Clearly, we have some challenges, but I think I’m
working with the best team of executives in the industry. Whitman: I’d add one
thing — that while the operating margin of this business is not as high as
some of the other businesses at HP, the return on investment capital is really
terrific. And that’s because of the business model that Todd has set up. And
when you run a big company like HP, you have to look at the return on invested
capital almost as much as you do your operating margin. So that is another
thing to consider. We’re going to continue to be the best at managing our
supply chain and manufacturing excellence. We’re going to play to win in China
and Brazil and other top emerging markets. We’re going to refine the product
strategy and continue to make great, trendsetting products. I’m excited about
this business. I actually really like it. Meg, we’re talking two days after
Virginia Rometty was named CEO of IBM. And obviously there’s some significance
that the two biggest technology companies are now run by women. Any thoughts
on that? Do you know her? Whitman: How great is that? It’s fabulous. It may be
a milestone, and I’m proud to be part of it, and I’m sure Ginni is, too. I’ve
only met her once. Tagged with: Acer, Apple, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Meg
Whitman, Ouchpad, PCs, personal computers, PSG, tablets, Todd Bradley, webOS,
Windows Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at
8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying
December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges
December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most
Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware
Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at
1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version