WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Intel CEO: We’re Big in Brazil, and Lots of
Other Places July 20, 2011 at 5:27 pm PT Tweet Share Print It’s turning into a
recurring theme. Market research firms like Gartner and IDC warn about a
slowing market for PCs. Investors and financial analysts get all depressed and
think the market for PCs is tanking, and blame Apple’s iPad and other factors.
Then Intel shows up with an earnings report that defies that now-conventional
wisdom. What gives? The research firms don’t have access to the same kinds of
sales-channel data that Intel does, especially when it comes to emerging
markets. Namely Brazil, Turkey, Russia and other rapidly developing revenue
streams. Intel CEO Paul Otellini called this “channel revenue” during the
conference call with analysts. Channel is industry lingo for the business
Intel does that’s not with major PC manufacturers like Apple or Hewlett-
Packard or Dell, but instead goes through indirect sales channels to smaller
companies that make PCs with lesser-known brands geared toward specific
markets. This channel revenue grew 17 percent during the quarter, Otellini
said, because demand for PCs remains healthy in these countries. Turkey and
Indonesia were both up 70 percent over last year. India was up 17 percent.
Russia, 15 percent. China, 14 percent. Latin America as a whole was up 12
percent. But then there’s Brazil. Otellini said it’s growing like crazy and is
on track to become the world’s third-largest PC market next year, after the
U.S. and China. This channel business in emerging markets helps explain at
least part of the dichotomy between the results that Gartner and IDC report in
their quarterly market surveys — both of which show a market that grew by less
than three percent — and Intel, which saw sales in its PC division grow 11
percent. Later, Otellini and Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith addressed
this issue in response to a question from Evercore analyst Patrick Wang. You
can hear their exchange, which runs less than three minutes, below.
Intel-q2-2011-call by ahess247 Tagged with: Brazil, emerging markets,
Evercore, Gartner, IDC, India, Indonesia, Intel, Patrick Wang, Paul Otellini,
PC market, personal computers, Russia, semiconductors, Stacy Smith, Turkey
Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am
PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December
30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December
30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped
Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by
Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version