WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl HP Faces Trouble on Every Side Ahead of
Earnings Report May 20, 2013 at 2:16 pm PT Tweet Share Print When it reports
quarterly earnings on Wednesday, Hewlett-Packard will give the latest update
on efforts by CEO Meg Whitman to turn the troubled technology giant around.
After last week’s huge earnings miss by Dell and news last month about the
first earnings miss in eight years by IBM, it’s hard to imagine a scenario
where HP’s circumstances look any rosier than they did three months ago.
Whitman and CFO Lesjak will probably make an effort to remind shareholders and
analysts that the turnaround they’ve been promising isn’t expect to become
apparent until sometime in 2014. Analysts are expecting HP to report per-share
profits of 81 cents on sales of $28.1 billion and to forecast earnings of 84
cents or better on sales of $27.8 billion for the quarter ending in July.
Here’s the rundown of rough spots hitting other companies that will probably
factor in to HP’s results: PCs: Sales of personal computers are showing the
largest declines since records have been kept. HP remains the world’s largest
vendor of PCs, which accounted for more than 28 percent of sales last quarter.
Especially aggressive pricing by Dell hasn’t helped. Printers: The other
category where HP leads the world, its printing business, accounted for $5.8
billion or more than 20 percent of revenue last quarter. Weak results from
Lexmark and Xerox don’t augur well for HP generally. A recent product refresh
by HP might help a little. Enterprise: Server sales are likely to be under
pressure along with PCs and printers. Dell executives including CEO Michael
Dell have been talking publicly about how Dell the company appeared to gain
share in recent reports by IDC and Gartner. On Wednesday we’ll see if they’ve
been speaking too soon. If they are, then expect weak results from the
Enterprise Group, which accounted for 24 percent of HP’s sales last quarter.
Enterprise Services: HP has been re-investing in the services group, the group
largely made up of the former technology services firm EDS, and those
investments aren’t expected to pay off anytime in the near future. As Chris
Whitmore of Deutsche Bank Securities wrote in a note to clients today,
“Increasing the size and depth of HP’s Services bench will likely take
multiple quarters before translating into improving market share performance.
As a result, we continue to expect a long, slow turnaround.” The unit
accounted for more than 20 percent of sales last quarter. Tagged with: Dell,
EDS, Hewlett-Packard, HP, IBM, Lexmark, Meg Whitman, printers, printing, Xerox
Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am
PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December
30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December
30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped
Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by
Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version