The Digital Solution A New Gold Standard for PCs Published on November 30,
2005 by Walter S. Mossberg and Katherine Boehret When Apple Computer launched
its video iPod last month, the hype was so great that another important Apple
product announcement was lost in the shuffle. The company also released that
day a new, improved, and yet cheaper, version of the already excellent iMac
G5, its flagship consumer desktop computer. At the same time, Apple Computer
also introduced a new software program called Front Row — embedded in the
improved iMac — that, like Microsoft’s Windows Media Center, allows users to
play music and to view photos, videos and DVDs from across a room, using an
included remote control. The new iMac G5 includes an entire computer, with the
processor, in a flat-panel monitor. We’ve been testing this new iMac, and our
verdict is that it’s the gold standard of desktop PCs. To put it simply: No
desktop offered by Dell or Hewlett-Packard or Sony or Gateway can match the
new iMac G5’s combination of power, elegance, simplicity, ease of use, built-
in software, stability and security. From setup to performing the most intense
tasks, it’s a pleasure to use. And, contrary to common misconceptions, this
Mac is competitively priced, when compared with comparably equipped midrange
Windows PCs; and it handles all common Windows files, as well as the Internet
and email, with aplomb. As for Front Row, we liked it as well. Though it does
less than Microsoft’s very nicely designed Media Center version of Windows,
Front Row is cleaner and simpler, with a much easier remote control. It could
use some improvements, but, even in this first version, it enhances an
already-terrific computer. The combination of the new, improved hardware, plus
Front Row, makes the iMac G5 the best consumer desktop you can buy this
holiday season, period. For mainstream consumers doing typical tasks — Web
surfing, email, office productivity, photos, music, home videos, etc. — it’s
the finest desktop PC on the market, at any price. Hard-core game players,
stock-market day traders, serious video producers and some other niche users
should look for other computers. But, for most people, the new iMac G5 is the
best choice. At first glance, the new iMac G5 looks very similar to the model
it replaced. Like its forerunner, it packs an entire computer, including the
very fast and powerful G5 processor, into a slender, striking, white flat-
panel monitor. The guts of the computer are entirely contained behind this
gorgeous, vivid 17- or 20-inch screen. People viewing the machine for the
first time often mistake it for merely a monitor. But the new model has a
slightly faster processor and is even thinner and lighter than its
predecessor. And it now has a high-quality built-in camera for
videoconferencing and taking snapshots, formerly a $150 external option. Plus,
it includes the remote control and Front Row. Yet the top-of-the-line model,
with a 20-inch screen, is now $1,699, down $100 from its predecessor. The
17-inch model is still $1,299, despite the added features. About the only
hardware feature we wish the iMac included is a set of slots for the flash
memory cards used by digital cameras and other portable devices. Many Windows
models now include such slots, but iMac owners will have to buy an external
card reader. The new model is 15% sleeker and 10% lighter than before. While
the older iMac’s shape was flat across its white rear panel, this one tapers
off at the edges to give it a slightly thinner, more elegant, look. The power
button, and the USB, FireWire, Ethernet and other ports, are still on the
rear, though they’ve been rearranged. Unlike most desktops, the iMac G5 comes
with built-in Wi-Fi wireless networking, so you can use it far away from a
wired Internet connection. It also includes Bluetooth wireless networking; a
DVD and CD burner; 512 megabytes of memory; and Apple’s new two-button mouse.
The 20-inch model has a 250-gigabyte hard disk and a processor that runs at
2.1 gigahertz. The 17-inch model has a 160-gigabyte hard disk and a processor
that runs at 1.9 gigahertz. Like all Macs, the new iMac comes with Apple’s
excellent Tiger operating system, which hasn’t yet attracted any successful
viruses and has no reported spyware. Tiger already includes the key features
Microsoft is promising for its next version of Windows, due in about a year.
These include an integrated desktop search, parental controls and tougher
security. And it comes with Apple’s iLife suite of first-rate multimedia
programs for managing and creating music, photos, videos and DVDs — better
than any similar software for Windows. Apple’s Front Row software program is
embedded in the new iMac, which is 15% thinner than the earlier model. The
small, thin remote magnetically clings to the right edge of the computer,
almost hidden from view. This remote has just six buttons, and the layout is
similar to that of an iPod shuffle portable music player — including a
circular ring that doesn’t scroll like that of a regular iPod. On this circle
are Seek and Volume buttons, and its center is reserved for a Play/Pause
button. A lone button labeled Menu is positioned below this ring. Front Row
uses the same concept introduced by Microsoft’s Windows Media Center Edition
three years ago — simplifying the system’s display with huge icons and large
type to make your computer’s media usable from across a room. Media Center is
one of Microsoft’s better programs, and it has been well-received by many
users. Unlike Front Row, it can also play live TV from a PC with an included
TV tuner and can record TV shows like a TiVo does. Apple says it deliberately
decided to leave out the TV function, which it doesn’t believe many people
want on a computer. In fact, many Windows Media Center models are now sold
without the TV function. After loading songs, videos and photos onto our new
iMac, we sat a little ways back from the desk, aimed our remote at the Apple
logo beneath our screen (where the infrared remote receiver is hidden) and
started fooling around with Front Row. Pressing the remote’s Menu button
instantly sends your desktop view off into the distance, replacing that with
Front Row’s home screen, a black background and four giant icons clearly
labeled Videos, Music, Photos and DVD. The remote’s Seek buttons rotate the
icons around the circle in either direction until the icon representing your
program is in the lower, center part of the screen. The remote also functions
when you don’t have Front Row open to adjust volume and skip through songs or
various photo albums. We started with Music, selecting it with the center
Play/Pause button and using Seek buttons to scroll through a menu like that
seen on an iPod’s home menu — Now Playing, Shuffle Songs, Playlists and so on.
The Menu button worked as with iPod, sending us back one screen each time we
pressed it. Once a song was selected, its title, artist and album were
displayed on the right, and a large image of the song’s album art took up the
left half of our iMac screen. A giant progress bar took up the lower edge of
the screen. We backed out of Music and into Videos, where we chose from a list
of Movie Trailers, Movies, Music Videos, TV Shows and Video Podcasts. The
Photos section is similar to Videos. It shows a list of iPhoto content; in our
case, it listed Library, Last Roll, Last 12 Months and the three albums that
we had stored in Apple’s photo-organizing software. Whenever one of these
listed items was highlighted, the photos from that album or section were
displayed in a mini slideshow on the right. Selecting the section started a
full-screen slideshow. DVD use is simple with the remote; we used its Seek
buttons once again to navigate around menus in the movie “Shrek” without a
problem. We liked the remote’s simplicity, but we wish Apple had included a
Power button, and made it work like a scroll-wheel iPod. And Front Row itself
lacks many of the functions of the iPod and iTunes software, like the ability
to rate songs, to show only a song’s album art or lyrics, or to accompany the
music with a colorful visualization. We liked the iMac’s built-in iSight video
camera and a smart little built-in application called Photo Booth that takes
your picture with as many as 16 different contortions and can keep you
entertained for a while. All in all, we can heartily recommend the iMac G5.
Email: MossbergSolution@wsj.com Return to: A New Gold Standard for PCs URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20051130/gold-standard-for-pcs/ Brought to you by The
Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.