Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How to Gain an Edge
Advertising on Twitter Reading Time: 3 Minutes Most advertisers today run ads
on Twitter in order to create conversations and promote brand image. With so
many brands competing on the platform, it can seem daunting for an advertiser
to have a noticeable edge over their competitors. With the help of Twitter’s
new and legacy product features, brands can engage users while also fostering
a cutting-edge persona. Read on for four examples of how Twitter ad products
can maximize their reach and improve campaign effectivity. Conversation
Targeting (Beta Feature) Say a brand wants to target users who enjoy engaging
with content about hamburgers. They could create an extensive list of keywords
and followers related to hamburgers in an attempt to hit all possible
“hamburger” channels, all while feeling like they could be missing a large
portion of users. It’s an exhaustive effort to hit all potential users, much
of which is at the strategists’ best guess. Twitter’s new Conversation
Targeting feature can sum up all of these keywords into a single Conversation
Topic. By selecting the “Hamburger” Conversation Topic, Twitter’s new
algorithm will target all people engaging with Tweets and conversations
related to “Hamburgers”. This more sophisticated algorithm can pick up on
semantics, timeliness, and missed conversation keywords. The best part is that
this new feature covers over ten thousand topics across twenty-five
categories. Since Conversation Targeting is still in Beta, please contact
Adaptly for further information. Twitter Carousels If a brand has a longer
story to tell, a Twitter Carousel ad unit is a great option. By linking
together multiple tweets in a single carousel, a user can swipe through the
content to follow along. Twitter allows a creator to add in several Tweets,
even if the Tweets are published from various handles. Brands that garner
celebrity shout-out’s or positive viral customer Tweets could utilize
Carousels by putting these Tweets on display next to their ad. Carousels
encourage users to tap through and engage with the creative. Twitter Polls One
of the easiest ways for users to engage with a brand is when they can take
action on an ad. Twitter’s new polling feature gives brands the chance to
actively communicate with their fans and gain consumer insight in a playful
way. Polls allow clients to put a persona behind their brand and participate
in the Twitter community. The polling can remain open for 5 minutes to 7 days
and users can see results instantly. Adaptly advertisers can now also attach a
photo or video to a poll to drive even more engagement. Whether users vote on
a new food product, their favorite TV show character, or their pick for an
upcoming sports game, Twitter Polls have proven to be a quick way for users to
start a conversation. Tailored Audiences An older, yet very effective
targeting feature available on Twitter is Tailored Audiences. By utilizing
Tailored Audiences, brands can target users most likely to engage with their
content in order to maximize campaign efficiency and ROI. Tailored audiences
can be created in Audience Manager through the use of lists, targeting website
visitors, or mobile app users. Brands can upload their own lists of customer
information (such as customer e-mail addresses or Twitter IDs) and target
users with their own data. Furthermore, by using Twitter’s website tag, brands
can collect data regarding visitors who visit their website. Finally, brands
can also target users using conversion tracking for their mobile app. All
three of these methods would target very specific users who are more likely to
be interested in a brand’s content and further improve a campaign’s
effectiveness. Twitter helps advertisers across all verticals reach and engage
with their target audiences through ad formats that are easy to deploy and fun
for users to interact with. For more information about Twitter advertising
solutions, contact Adaptly >> Megan Chorazyczewski Media Manager Megan has
been a Media Manager with Adaptly for over a year, helping to manage and
analyze campaigns primarily in the entertainment space. In her spare time she
loves trying new yoga studios and baking yummy treats. Office New York Share
Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's
Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest
advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be
Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417
Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New
York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago
747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street
Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact