WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Why Carl Icahn’s Latest Move on Dell Isn’t the
No-Brainer He Says It Is July 12, 2013 at 5:20 am PT Tweet Share Print Carl
Icahn, the billionaire activist investor who has hounded Dell throughout its
attempt to go private in a $24.4 billion leveraged buyout, said yesterday that
he saw what he calls a “no-brainer” opportunity for Dell shareholders. Those
who oppose the buyout of the company proposed by Michael Dell, the founding
CEO, and the private equity firm Silver Lake, can, as he put it in a letter to
shareholders yesterday, “have their cake and eat it too” — by opting not to
vote for the buyout and by exercising their rights to have the company
appraised within 60 days after the buyout closes. If the buyout is approved,
they’ll get their payout of $13.65 a share, plus a chance to reap an
additional reward later if the court finds the company is worth more than
that. “If you own Dell and opt for appraisal rights, you have a rare
opportunity to make a profit without taking risk,” he told fellow Dell
shareholders. There are three reasons that he’s wrong, two of which he has
acknowledged, and one he has as yet ignored completely. First: Icahn assumes
that a Delaware judge would find more value in Dell than what Michael Dell and
Silver Lake have offered. Argue what you will about Dell’s other business
units, the fact is that it is still about 70 percent exposed to the personal
computer industry, which just clocked its fifth straight quarter of market
declines. Dell shares, left to float on their own without the buyout bid, and
valued similarly to rival Hewlett-Packard, could easily trade for about half
the buyout price, plus or minus a couple of dollars. Icahn said that,
historically, companies facing appraisal rights cases in Delaware courts
settle with those shareholders who bring them. But Dell could just as easily
gamble on the outcome and argue, as it did in a presentation to shareholders
last week, that there’s no additional value to be found. At best, it’s a
crapshoot. Second: Even if the case proceeded, those shareholders bringing an
appraisal case would have to go to the time and expense to fight it. And, in
the end, the judge could just throw the whole thing out. In a previous
Delaware case in June, a judge ruled from the bench that Icahn’s claim that
the Dell go-shop process wasn’t fair should be tossed out. Third: Probably the
biggest flaw in Icahn’s appraisal rights tactic is that, for it to work, the
buyout deal must first be approved. That means that about 43 percent of
shareholders — excluding Michael Dell — have to vote in favor of the deal.
(Under the rules of the go-shop process, a non-vote is equivalent to a “no”
vote.) But in order to exercise your appraisal rights, you must not vote for
the deal. That raises the risk that the buyout doesn’t get approved. Without a
buyout, there’s no appraisal case, no initial payout, and no chance to get
paid a second time in the unlikely event that the case proceeds to a
conclusion. Where Icahn argues that there’s a chance to “have your cake and
eat it too,” there’s a very real prospect that the cake doesn’t get baked at
all. Dell’s special committee pleaded with shareholders in a filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission late Thursday: “… if a sufficiently
large number of shareholders seek appraisal and thus do not vote in favor of
the acquisition (which is required to pursue appraisal rights), the merger
agreement will be terminated, the merger will not occur, stockholders will not
have the opportunity to receive the $13.65 per share cash merger
consideration, there will be no appraisal rights, and stockholders will
continue to bear the risks of holding their Dell shares.” If that happens, the
scenarios aren’t pretty. Icahn would move to launch his $14-a-share offer to
buy up to 72 percent of Dell shares and leave the rest as a publicly traded
stub. (He promised yesterday to sweeten this offer with warrants to buy more
Dell shares in a forthcoming filing today.) Implied in that tender offer is
the prospect of a proxy fight that could drag on for months, if not longer.
Dell’s board would likely morph into a muddled mix of directors with competing
loyalties to Icahn or to Michael Dell. But if the tender offer were to
succeed, the founder would have the chance to end up controlling more than 40
percent of the company’s shares, and could simply bide his time until he could
move to retake control. There’s no telling exactly what Dell shares might do
in response to the turmoil, but it’s hard to see a scenario where they rise.
For Dell shareholders, it’s also pretty hard to call this a no-risk move.
Tagged with: buyout, Carl Icahn, Delaware Chancery Court, Dell, enterprise
hardware, enterprise services, enterprise software, leveraged buyout, Michael
Dell, PCs, personal computers, private equity, SEC, Securities and Exchange
Commission, servers, Silver Lake Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version