WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Here’s How the Oculus Rift Will Work on Mobile
August 30, 2013 at 3:24 pm PT Tweet Share Print Oculus Rift, the much-hyped
virtual reality gaming console interface that debuted at E3 2012, is still
seemingly some time off from a consumer release. But at PAX Prime, the gaming
convention being held this weekend in Seattle, the Oculus VR team is showing
off a new HD version and talking more about how the gadget might work on
mobile devices as well as PCs. Currently, the only Rifts in the wild are $300
dev kit versions, made for game developers. The HD iteration of the hardware,
currently unavailable to those developers, improves on the VR headset’s screen
resolution, which is all-important for convincing the wearers that they’re
physically in a virtual world. In a demo with co-founders Nate Mitchell and
Palmer Luckey on Friday morning, I piloted a PC-connected HD Rift around and
through a gargantuan volcano and used it to sit in a virtual movie theater
(yes, really), where I watched the trailer for “Man of Steel.” But as CEO
Brendan Iribe told Edge Magazine last month, the company is internally working
on mobile support for the Rift. In other words, instead of requiring gamers to
be tethered to a PC, Oculus wants to be able to power the virtual reality
experience from a mobile device’s hardware. Luckey said that currently, the
Rift only works with Android devices that have video output and can “host” the
Rift via USB connectivity. Oculus VR co-founders Palmer Luckey, left, and Nate
Mitchell, right, calibrate Oculus Rifts before a demo at PAX.“We’re about
mobile gaming hardware,” Luckey said. “We don’t want to play [casual] mobile
games in VR.” However, Mitchell then jumped in to say that he’d seen a Candy
Crush-esque match-three game playing on the Rift, and that it worked well,
even if it didn’t fully take advantage of VR’s capabilities. Mitchell added
that he didn’t want to close off the potential catalog to only the games that
will work in hardcore virtual reality: “I think it’s going to be lot like
Steam,” he said, in reference to the Valve-operated PC gaming store, with a
mix of serious AAA titles available at prices competitive with those of
console games, and simpler experiences that might be sold for as little as a
few dollars. “We’ve seen vacation simulators” among developers’ early work, he
said. “I dropped my father into one, and he was like, ‘This is great!'” Luckey
enthused that the Rift itself could one day become an Android device, with a
chip that might currently be found in one of those high-end phones embedded in
the headset itself. The company chose to start with Android because of the
operating system’s openness as compared to iOS, but isn’t completely ruling
out the latter. And what’s next? About 150 games now work natively with the
Rift, the co-founders said. The company still hasn’t yet publicly committed to
a launch date for the consumer version, but Luckey coyly mentioned that Oculus
has “exciting developments [ahead] through the next three quarters,” including
some with consumer implications. For more about the Rift, check out Mitchell
and Luckey’s Q&A; with AllThingsD from May. Tagged with: Android, Candy Crush
Saga, gaming, HD, high-definition, king, Man of Steel, Mobile, Nate Mitchell,
Oculus Rift, Oculus Rift HD, Oculus VR, Palmer Luckey, PAX, PAX Prime, PC,
Penny Arcade Expo, smartphones, Steam, USB, Valve, virtual reality, VR QuizUp
Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises Another $22 Million December 26, 2013 at
9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review: WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics and
Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT Atheer and Meta Want You
to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19, 2013 at 1:52 pm PT Despite Free-to-
Play Explosion, Apple Puts Spotlight on Paid Games December 18, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and Oculus VR Makes Perfect Sense
December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version