WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl HP’s Todd Bradley Talks About PC Unit’s
Future, and His Own (Video) August 24, 2011 at 10:12 am PT Tweet Share Print
There are lots of competing theories about the ultimate fate of Hewlett-
Packard’s $41 billion Personal Systems Group. Spinoff? Sale? Nothing at all?
They’re all on the table. The unit’s head and likely CEO in a spinoff
scenario, Todd Bradley, took to Bloomberg TV’s airwaves yesterday for an
extensive interview with hosts Emily Chang and Cory Johnson. The 13-minute
segment is below. Among the highlights: Johnson’s setup, wherein he quotes
Hewlett-Packard co-founder David Packard as saying, “The only thing worse than
a shitty business is a big shitty business,” and Bradley’s blunt refusal to
answer when Chang asks if he endorsed the move to “explore strategic options”
for the PC business. Bradley also insists that the unit would sell at a higher
valuation than 0.25 times sales, which would be about $10 billion. Most
analysts say the unit would be valued at a fraction of the trailing year’s
sales. The valuation argument may be moot now that Samsung, the most logical
buyer, says it’s not interested, thus making a spinout more likely. Later,
Chang asks why HP isn’t giving the TouchPad and other webOS devices more of a
chance in the marketplace. (Um, because sales were dismal?) She goes on to ask
Bradley about his professional plans, about which there has been constant
speculation since The Wall Street Journal reported in March that he had been
recruited by Intel. Bradley reiterates that he’s interested in running the
independent PC company that might result from a spinout, and flatly denies
that he’s looking for a new job somewhere else, then proceeds to paint a sunny
picture about the PC unit’s prospects: “The PC market is only about 25 percent
penetrated,” he says. He has a point, until you consider that many people
might skip them altogether and move straight to tablets and smart phones.
Tagged with: Acer, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo, PC, PCs, personal computers,
Personal Systems Group, Todd Bradley Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version