Enterprise Ever Made a Wi-Fi Device? You Probably Just Got Sued. Published on
March 17, 2011 by Arik Hesseldahl Ever heard of Mosaid Technology? Neither
have I, but it’s a Canadian chip designer that’s been around since 1975. And
if you’re among the 17 companies it sued today, you probably wish you’d never
heard of it. That’s right, 17 companies all at once, and all over six patents
related to Wi-Fi that it says are being infringed. The defendants include
household names like Dell, Research In Motion, Intel, Canon and Asus, as well
as some lesser known names in tech like Atheros–the wireless chipmaker that’s
being acquired by Qualcomm–Marvell Semiconductor and the Chinese networking
concern Huawei. The suit was filed in the United States District Court Eastern
District of Texas, which is notable because this district has developed
something of a reputation of being friendly to so-called patent trolls,
companies who make their living not by making products, but by suing
established companies with the resources to either pay damages or cash
settlements after arguably infringing on some patents they happen to have.
When a few cases filed in this court went in favor of the plaintiff some years
ago, numerous others followed. It also gained the nickname of “rocket docket,”
meaning patent cases tended to be wrapped up inside of one to two years, much
faster than in other courts. Mosaid says it has licensed the six patents in
question to 15 other companies, some of which you’ve heard of. They include
Sony, Samsung, Panasonic and Nokia. And if you’re not on either list–sued
today or working with a license–and sell a Wi-Fi enabled product, you can
probably bet that Mosaid is coming for you sooner or later. As Mosaid CEO John
Lindgren put it in a company statement: “We believe that all companies
offering products that implement the Wi-Fi standard require a license to our
wireless patents.” Sounds like Mosaid’s lawyers are going to be busy. Return
to: Ever Made a Wi-Fi Device? You Probably Just Got Sued. URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20110317/ever-made-a-wi-fi-device-you-probably-just-got-
sued/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.