WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher
Yahoo Finally Rolls Out New Homepage to the Masses–and, Drum Roll, It’s Good
(Plus Screenshots) July 20, 2009 at 6:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print Although it’s
not news that Yahoo has been readying a new version of its homepage and has
spent a lot of time doing so–in fact, it’s gone all Handy Manny with a whole
lot of test renovations–the Internet giant begins the massive rollout of it
tomorrow. The official launch of what was code-named “Metro,” which Yahoo had
previously said was coming in the fall, will take place on an opt-in “beta”
basis for the hundreds of millions of users in the U.S. and will be extended
to France, the U.K. and India later this week. When users log in, they will
get a choice–for now, there will be no forcing it–to switch over to the new
version, which Yahoo’s Tapan Bhat, SVP of Integrated Consumer Experiences,
said in an interview with me today by phone, is the “the most fundamental
change to the homepage ever.” And, indeed, the new look is much different,
even than previous launch candidates, featuring an almost complete rejiggering
of the look and feel of the most important page at Yahoo (YHOO) and one of the
most trafficked on the Internet. The change is an important one for Yahoo,
since its front page is perhaps its most powerful calling card to users and
advertisers, as well as to Wall Street. Its homepage gets 330 million unique
visitors every month. Yahoo has redone its homepage many times since its
founding in the mid-1990s (you can see the various incarnations of it here),
but this new design is perhaps the most dramatic. (See screenshots of the new
regular page and one with a Facebook app featured below; click on the images
to make them larger.) The most striking change is a prominent left-side “My
Favorites” area, with 65 specially designed applications that users can
customize, including giving a quick hovering glimpse of email, stocks and of
third-party sites like Facebook. Not quite a dashboard or exactly a social
networking page, it feels a little as if Yahoo took a browser tab or a
toolbar, put it in a vertical format and gave it some great functionality.
Full disclosure: All Things Digital, as well as several other Dow Jones news
properties, are in its special alphabetical apps gallery, although I had no
idea it would be there. Yahoo also allows users to create such widgets on the
fly from most any Web site and they can have up to 36 apps on the homepage.
There is advertising in the boxes that pop up when hovering over these apps,
which is a way of dealing with the issue of purposely sending users away from
Yahoo rather than keeping them there. It is a much better version of that
trap. “We want to be the center of people’s lives online and want to do it in
an open, innovative way, all while providing a compelling experience,” said
Bhat. “It marks the beginning of a renaissance of Yahoo, a renaissance where
every pixel matters.” After looking over the history of Yahoo’s homepages
since 1994 (see them all here), it has pretty much told a story of a site with
increasingly smaller font sizes and more stuff packed on it. “It had nothing
to do with the user, but what Yahoo wanted the user to do,” said Bhat, rather
frankly. Thus, he said, everything going forward will focus on what the user
wants, which, he explained, essentially boils down to a “my world” and “the
world” outlook. In the my-world bucket: Email, favorite Web sites, stock info.
In the the-world: General news, search, what’s hot. But, unlike its highly
customized MyYahoo product, Bhat said that Yahoo wanted to make it easier for
users to create a page where “there is destination for everything you are
about in just a click or two.” The programmed “Today” module remains, although
users can indicate which kind of information–finance, news, entertainment–gets
top billing. The module is also localized, depending on the user. “We wanted
to provide broadcast and narrowcast in one place,” said Bhat. That includes
updating status, right from the homepage, including integration with social
networks such as Facebook and MySpace. But–in a very big mistake–there is no
ability to update status to the popular microblogging service Twitter on this
part of the homepage, as yet. You can make it an app, though, as Twitter can
appear in your Yahoo updates. And there is a big advertising module still on
the right, along with a what’s-hot section. And, finally, there will also soon
be complete two-way syncing with mobile devices, said Bhat. Interestingly,
although CEO Carol Bartz has often said internally that she does not like the
color purple, which has been the company’s signature one since its founding,
the main page keeps up the violet tradition with a lighter tone. “Yahoo’s
color is purple and it is known for that,” said Bhat (deftly not taking my
delicious bait). As to why it has taken so long to get its front page
redone–it was originally set to debut late last year–Bhat noted that such a
major shift of such a trafficked page was, well, complex. “It involves
bringing users along and also rewiring everything within Yahoo,” said Bhat,
who gave Bartz credit for turbocharging the effort, since she first arrived at
the troubled Silicon Valley icon in January and quickly put the brakes on the
planned launch. “Now, we are looking at Yahoo holistically, all centered
around the user.” Time will tell if it is a success, but it is certainly a
good and even innovative effort, in much the same spirit Microsoft (MSFT) has
had with its new Bing search offering. And while some might complain that it
is not cutting-edge enough, it seems just the right amount of rejiggering and
open feel for the mass of users it serves. For Yahoo, at least when it comes
to this one, change is indeed good. Tagged with: advertising, app,
application, Ari Balogh, Bing, BoomTown, browser, Carol Bartz, consumer,
digital, email, entertainment, Facebook, finance, financial, France, front
page, Handy Manny, homepage, India, innovation, Internet, interview, Kara
Swisher, launch, look, Metro, Microsoft, MyYahoo, press release, purple,
renovation, rollout, screen shot, search, Silicon Valley, social networking,
stocks, Tapan Bhat, toolbar, Twitter, U.S., UK, user, widget, Yahoo Third
Foxconn Worker Dies Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust”
May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and
Spielberg Movie “Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder
Josh James Talks About $10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight
With Adobe May 18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes,
That Would Be a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl
Sandberg on Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at
6:15 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version