WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Judge Says Former Microsoft Exec Can't Work
for Salesforce, For Now February 23, 2011 at 7:05 pm PT Tweet Share Print
Microsoft has won the first round in a fight to prevent one of its former
executives from going to work for Salesforce.com. A judge in King County,
Washington, has ruled that Matt Miszewski, once General Manager for Worldwide
Government at Microsoft can’t take a job as senior vice president for its
Global Public Sector at Salesforce because doing so would violate a non-
compete agreement he signed. Judge Kimberly Prochnau, extended a temporary
restraining order preventing him from starting the new job. The ruling was
first reported by TechFlash. Miszewski’s lawyers formally answered accusations
by Microsoft that he had taken hundreds of megabytes worth of confidential
business files. In a filing they argued that Miszewski wouldn’t find any such
information useful in the new job in the first place. “Rather I will rely on
my managerial expertise, along with the knowledge of government information
technology needs and priorities that I gained before joining Microsoft.” Prior
to working at Microsoft, Miszewski was the CIO for the state of Wisconsin. He
also said that any competitive information he may have in his possession
wouldn’t be useful to Salesforce in the first place. Microsoft Dynamics Online
competes directly with Salesforce.com in the cloud-based customer relationship
management business, and two companies have a bit of a bitter history in
court. They grappled in federal court last year over patents, but settled.
He’d probably have better luck if he lived in California, where non-compete
agreements have generally been found by courts to be unenforceable. Not so in
Washington State. Meanwhile Miszewski seems to have found something to do
until the case is resolved. His LinkedIn profile lists him as founder at
FixingPotholes.com where he’s blogging about transparency, open government,
and government IT. Tagged with: Arik Hesseldahl, customer relationship
management, Dynamics CRM, King County, litigation, Matt Miszewski, Microsoft,
NewEnterprise, non-compete agreements, Salesforce.com, Washington State Apple
Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You
Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013
at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013
at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology
of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-
Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version