WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Dell Shareholders Approve $25 Billion Buyout
to Go Private September 12, 2013 at 7:15 am PT Tweet Share Print Michael Dell
and the private equity firm Silver Lake have prevailed in their 14-month
effort to convince shareholders in the computing company Dell to take the
company private in a leveraged buyout. The result of a shareholder vote was
announced moments ago at a special meeting of shareholders in Round Rock,
Texas. The final vote tallies haven’t been released yet, but CNBC, citing
sources familiar with the result, have pegged the vote in favor at 65 percent
to 35 percent. A final tally will be read out a little later, as the meeting
is still under way. The final buyout price is $13.75 per share, and includes a
13 cent per share special dividend, for a total price of $13.88, or $24.9
billion. The deal also guarantees an eight cent per share quarterly dividend
when Dell next reports earnings, in November. The vote brings to an apparent
close a rancorous process during which numerous Dell shareholders lined up to
oppose Dell and Silver Lake. The process began in June of 2012, when the
investment firm Southeastern Asset Management, a longtime Dell investor and
until recently its No. 2 shareholder, first contacted Michael Dell about the
possibility of going private. Dell held his first conversations with people
from Silver Lake at a technology industry conference in Aspen, Colo., the
following month. Ironically, Southeastern became one of the leading voices in
opposition to the transaction that ultimately emerged. Soon, the activist
investor Carl Icahn had picked up the torch, and bought out much of
Southeastern’s stake, and became Dell’s No. 2 investor, after Michael Dell
himself. Icahn and Southeastern proposed their own alternative transaction,
which they described as a structured recapitalization. Under their plan, they
would have bought up 72 percent of Dell shares and left the remaining stake as
a publicly traded stub. They further proposed to take on new debt and to pay a
special dividend to shareholders, and to issue warrants for the purchase of
additional shares within a seven-year window. They argued that the Dell-Silver
Lake proposal undervalued the company and locked out current investors from
benefiting from any future turnaround of the company that might occur. For
months, the wrangling between them threatened to result in a split board of
directors and a prolonged proxy fight for control of the company, as neither
side had sufficient support among shareholders to take full control. Icahn
took his fight against the transaction public, via numerous open letters to
shareholders and to his relatively new Twitter account, where at times he
needled Dell management in labored verse. Earlier this week, Icahn conceded
that he had lost the battle to take control of Dell. However, he has said he
intends to ask a court in Delaware to appraise the company’s value in the hope
of forcing a higher payout. Given the size of his holdings, Icahn has already
realized a $70 million profit on his Dell shares. The company has been
struggling with the long-term decline in the personal computer business, while
at the same time trying to transform itself into a bigger player in enterprise
hardware, software and services. But those efforts at transformation have been
uneven, and the majority of Dell’s revenue is either derived directly from PCs
or from ancillary products like desktop displays and accessories. Update:
11:45 am ET: According to a filing with the SEC, Southeastern Asset Management
is no longer working in concert with Carl Icahn. It’s investment stake in Dell
is now 3.7 percent. Here’s the statement in full: Today’s preliminary results
show that Michael Dell and Silver Lake have been successful in obtaining
shareholder approval for the transaction. Accordingly, Southeastern and Icahn
Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates (“Icahn”) have terminated their agreement
to cooperate regarding an alternative proposal and the nomination of a slate
of directors at the annual meeting. As a result, Southeastern and Icahn are no
longer “acting in concert” for 13D purposes, and are therefore no longer part
of a “group.” And here’s Dell’s original press release announcing the approval
of the deal: Dell Stockholders Approve Merger Transaction ROUND ROCK, Texas
–(BUSINESS WIRE)– Dell today announced that, based on a preliminary vote tally
from the special meeting of stockholders, Dell stockholders have approved the
proposal in which Michael Dell, Dell’s Founder, Chairman and CEO, will acquire
Dell in partnership with global technology investment firm Silver Lake
Partners. In connection with the transaction, Dell stockholders will receive
$13.75 in cash for each share of Dell common stock they hold, plus payment of
a special cash dividend of $0.13 per share to stockholders of record as of a
date prior to the effective time of the merger, for total consideration of
$13.88 per share in cash. The agreement also guarantees the regular quarterly
dividend of $0.08 per share for the fiscal third quarter would be paid to
holders of record as of a date prior to closing. The total transaction is
valued at approximately $24.9 billion. The preliminary vote tally shows that
the transaction was approved by the holders of a majority of Dell’s
outstanding shares, as required by Delaware law. In addition, the tally shows
that the transaction was approved by the holders of a majority of Dell’s
shares voting for or against the matter, excluding shares held by Mr. Dell,
certain of his related family trusts, Dell’s Board of Directors and certain
members of its management, as separately required under the merger agreement.
“I am pleased with this outcome and am energized to continue building Dell
into the industry’s leading provider of scalable, end-to-end technology
solutions,” said Michael Dell, chairman and CEO of Dell. “As a private
enterprise, with a strong private-equity partner, we’ll serve our customers
with a single-minded purpose and drive the innovations that will help them
achieve their goals.” Mr. Dell continued, “I would like to thank our 110,000
team members around the world who, throughout this process, have remained
focused on serving our customers with unity, purpose and pride. As our company
continues to expand its enterprise solutions and services business, our team
members will be Dell’s most valuable asset and the key to our future success.”
“Over the course of more than a year, the Special Committee and its advisors
conducted a disciplined and independent process to ensure the best outcome for
Dell stockholders,” said Alex Mandl, chairman of the Special Committee formed
to evaluate the transaction and other strategic alternatives. “By voting in
favor of the transaction, the stockholders have chosen the best option to
maximize the value of their shares. I want to thank my fellow Committee
members and the entire Board for their diligent and tireless efforts on behalf
of Dell stockholders, and the stockholders themselves for the careful
consideration they gave to this important matter.” The transaction is expected
to close before the end of the third quarter of Dell’s FY2014, subject to the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval.
Dell will continue to be headquartered in Round Rock, Texas. Tagged with:
buyout, Carl Icahn, Dell, enterprise hardware, enterprise services, enterprise
software, Icahn Enterprises, leveraged buyout, Michael Dell, private equity,
Silver Lake, Southeastern Asset Management Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version