Mossberg’s Mailbox What Can That New iPod Do? Published on September 15, 2005
by Walt Mossberg There’s no other major item most of us own that is as
confusing, unpredictable and unreliable as our personal computers. Everybody
has questions about them, and we aim to help. Here are a few questions about
computers I’ve received recently from people like you, and my answers. I have
edited and restated the questions a bit, for readability. This week my mailbox
contained questions about the iPod nano’s new software features, Windows XP
Professional, and ways to stop spam. If you have a question, send it to me at
my review. The nano actually does have several new software features unseen on
previous iPods, even costlier ones. There’s a stopwatch and lap timer; a world
clock module that can display multiple time zones; and a software lock, which
looks like a combination lock on the screen, and is meant to keep your iPod
private. Perhaps my favorite new software function is a lyrics screen, which
works in conjunction with a new version of Apple’s free iTunes software,
issued at the same time the nano was introduced. The iTunes 5.0 software now
allows users to embed lyrics into a song file. When the nano plays any song
that has these embedded lyrics, it can display them on a lyrics screen you
call up by pushing the player’s center button a few times. The iTunes 5.0
software has some other new features that don’t require a nano player. It can
automatically synchronize contacts and calendar items from Microsoft Outlook
on Windows PCs. It has parental controls, an improved search function, and a
new option that allows users to decide just how randomly its “shuffle” feature
works, so you can avoid hearing multiple songs by the same artist in a row.
Apple also now claims that its iTunes Music Store has a catalog of two million
songs, about twice as many as its competitors offer. On the accessories
question: The new nano has the same proprietary iPod connector port that its
larger siblings use, so it should be compatible with most accessories that use
that port. I tested it on a Logitech speaker system and on the flexDock mini
car adapter made by TEN Technology. It worked perfectly on both, even though
both were designed with no knowledge of the nano. However, there are add-ons
that won’t work with the nano. Any accessory that relies on a headphone jack
being on top of an iPod won’t work, because the nano’s jack is on the bottom.
Any gadget that relies on a separate remote-control jack won’t work, because
the nano lacks this. The nano also doesn’t support voice-recorder accessories,
or cables that allow some older iPods to display photos on a TV screen. I am
buying a new PC for my home and am wondering if it’s worth it to spend an
extra $100 to get Windows XP Professional instead of Windows XP Home. The only
home users who need XP Pro are those who connect remotely to their companies’
networks, and whose network administrators have told them that the Pro version
is needed to do so. Otherwise, you can save the $100. The Home version of XP
can connect remotely to some company networks just fine, but others use a
specific configuration that is only supported by Microsoft in XP Pro. The Pro
version has a few other features that the Home version lacks, but they aren’t
relevant to most home users. By the way, when Microsoft issues its new Vista
version of Windows in the fall of 2006, the confusion over different editions
of Windows is likely to get much worse. The company is planning to offer many
more editions of Windows then, aimed at narrower market segments, and only an
expensive, “ultimate” version will have all the features in one package.
Recently, I have started to receive spam advertising pornography. My computer
is a new Dell, with Windows XP and all the usual antispyware and antivirus
protections. Is there anything I can do to stop receiving these emails?
Antispyware and antivirus software will do nothing to stop these noxious
emails. What you need is an antispam program or service. You didn’t say what
email program you use, but you should immediately turn on whatever antispam
features it contains. Or, if you are using Web-based email, turn on all the
antispam options available. If you aren’t using Web-based email, but use a
program like Outlook or Outlook Express, you can also buy add-on antispam
programs that are built to block pornographic ads and other forms of spam. The
best of these is MailFrontier, in my opinion (www.mailfrontier.com). However,
spammers are persistent and clever, and no software or service is guaranteed
to stop all the offensive mail they spew out. * * * Because of the volume of
e-mail I receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or
consult on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I
receive and select three each week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S.
Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Return to: What Can That New iPod Do? URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20050915/what-new-ipod-does/ Brought to you by The Wall
Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.