WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski iTablet: Apple’s Killer App
for Higher Ed July 25, 2008 at 4:19 pm PT Tweet Share Print Q: Will there be
an iPhone? Steve Jobs: One never knows. We don’t usually discuss products we
haven’t announced. Q: What do you think of the tablet PC? Jobs: We’re not sure
the tablet PC will be successful. It’s turned into a notebook that you can
write on. Do you want to handwrite all your email? We have all the technology
ourselves to do that–we just don’t know whether it will be successful.”
–Interview with Apple CEO Steve Jobs, International Herald Tribune, Sept. 2002
Are you passionate about providing handwriting solutions to end customers? Do
you strongly believe that using a stylus and a tablet is the way to interact
with computers?” –Apple recruitment ad, Aug. 11, 2005 At a 2007 all-hands
meeting to discuss the iPhone, Apple (AAPL) CEO Steve Jobs said the company
has the “best Macs” ever in the new-product pipeline right now. The machines
waiting in the wings are “off the charts,” he said. Now just what Jobs meant
by that is, obviously, known only by the man himself and those whose heads
would be piked on the gates at 1 Infinite Loop if they ever told. But
according to Apple Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer, we’ll find out
before the year is over. Apple is headed for a “future product transition”
later this year, Oppenheimer said during the company’s quarterly conference
call with investors Monday. And it will involve “state-of-the-art new products
that our competitors just aren’t going to be able to match.” With Apple’s
MacBook and iPod lines both due for refreshing, it was easy to presume that
these are the products to which Oppenheimer was referring. But what if they
aren’t? What if he was referring to Apple’s mythical tablet PC? Consider this
rumor posted to MacDailyNews: Think MacBook screen, possibly a bit smaller, in
glass with iPhone-like, but fuller-featured Multi-Touch. Gesture library. Full
Mac OS X. This is why they bought P.A. Semi. Possibly with Immersion’s haptic
tech. Slot-loading SuperDrive. Accelerometer. GPS. Pretty expensive to produce
initially, but sold at “low” price that will reduce margins. Apple wants to
move these babies. And move they will. This is some sick shit. App Store-
compatible, able to run Mac apps, too. By October at the latest.” Sounds
plausible, doesn’t it? Certainly, given the success of the iPhone’s multi-
touch platform and its speedy extension to the iPod Touch, it doesn’t take
take a leap of imagination to see multi-touch making its way into a Mac
tablet. Hell, it might even use the finger as a stylus. Handwriting
recognition has come a long way since the Newton, and if you don’t believe
that, check out the Chinese character recognition system on the iPhone.
Running with this a bit further, a finger-as-stylus touchscreen Mac tablet
would make a hell of a nice counterpart to Apple’s new MobileMe service,
wouldn’t it? It would make a great e-book reader too–if Apple ever gets around
to adding a bookstore to iTunes. And if Apple were to link it up to iTunes U,
as it undoubtedly would, the Mac tablet might even become higher education’s
killer app. Especially if it arrives at market right before school starts, as
it seems scheduled to do. A notebook, a textbook AND a MacBook–all in one.
Sound like “a state-of-the-art new product that our competitors just aren’t
going to be able to match” to you? Does to me. Still, Jobs has often dismissed
rumors of an Apple tablet. “There are no plans to make a tablet,” Jobs said
during a panel discussion at the 2003 All Things Digital conference. “It turns
out people want keyboards. … We look at the tablet and we think it’s going to
fail.” Of course Jobs said Apple would never build a phone, either. [Image
Credit: FactoryJoe] Tagged with: Apple, Intel, iPhone, iPod, iPod Touch, John
Paczkowski, Leopard, Mac, multitouch, Newton, PC, Steve Jobs, tablet HP
Unveils Non-Computer For Those Who Don’t Need A Computer May 20, 2011 at 9:25
am PT Apple: Amazon’s Appstore Isn’t An “App Store” May 20, 2011 at 7:36 am PT
Welcome to 1997: Nokia’s Market Share at Its Lowest in 14 Years May 20, 2011
at 4:00 am PT Apple’s Data Center Buildup Goes Bicoastal May 19, 2011 at 1:20
pm PT China Mobile’s Four Million iPhone Users Still Waiting for Official
Apple Deal May 19, 2011 at 9:35 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version