Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Focused on client success, we
position marketers at the cutting edge of paid social through access to the
latest platform offerings, personalized marketing expertise, and trusted
technology. See How > How It Works Technology Our proprietary technology
delivers multi-platform campaign optimization and real-time insights with
workflow efficiencies that are unique to Adaptly. See technology > Expertise
Strategy and media teams are partner-certified and share 8+ years of data-
driven insights with our clients. Learn More > Access An inaugural member of
Ads API programs, we give clients first-mover advantage through the latest
offerings from today’s most relevant social channels. Our Partners > Our
Clients We help our customers navigate the increasingly complex social media
ecosystem and provide them with solutions to optimize large-scale advertising
campaigns. Our Vision We believe digital platforms like Facebook, Instagram,
Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter are better for both consumers and advertisers.
These channels offer native advertising formats with extensive targeting
capabilities based on personal profile data instead of inaccurate cookies.
Walled Gardens While digital platforms are often considered “walled gardens”
since they’re technologically independent and have led to fragmented
interactions between consumers and companies, they eliminate issues associated
with traditional media - accountability, attribution, and scale across
devices. And in the end, they deliver against any marketing objective.
Opportunity Brands now have the opportunity to deliver more value through ads
that are relevant to consumer identities and social contexts. This builds
better connections between advertisers and their target audience, and success
for client advertisers leads to our success at Adaptly. See Solutions Current
Openings Browse Careers Our Offices With offices spanning four time zones
across the globe, we provide dedicated client support at a local level. New
York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Our Leadership Team Collectively, our global leaders
have a plethora of insights from decades of experience working at brands,
agencies, and marketing vendors. See Leadership > Angie More SVP, Revenue West
View Bio Angie has more than 20 years experience in advertising and technology
sales and strategy. Before joining Adaptly, she honed her digital expertise at
Yieldmo, a premium mobile advertising provider, and Rocket Fuel, where she
built advertising solutions for Fortune 500 brands. Angie’s experience spans
mobile, social, SaaS solutions, display advertising, email, search, lead
generation, advergaming, sponsorships, and customized programs for clients
across all verticals. In her spare time, Angie enjoys horseback riding. Anne
Hoffer SVP, Revenue Midwest View Bio Anne has been an entrepreneur at heart
since she opened a bar on her college campus. She wove her career through some
of the world’s best training grounds, such as Viacom, ESPN, Apple, and
Snapchat. She has led a successful exit for a startup, crafted multi-million
dollar partnerships, developed an entire brand from scratch (espnW), and built
successful sales teams and cultures along the way. Anne is a marathon-runner
and an advocate for personal growth, continually finding problems to solve and
creative ways to engage others in the process. Bogdan Sabac VP of Engineering
View Bio Bogdan leads Adaptly’s exceptional engineering team in building and
scaling our next generation of world-class ad automation software. He has
extensive experience in driving disruptive and innovative solutions across
start-ups, high growth and turn-around enterprises. He appreciates good food,
engaging conversations and the pleasure of finding things out. Danielle Shamos
VP of Revenue View Bio Danielle brings years of digital strategy and
management experience across social and search. She enjoys immersing herself
in new technology in this fast and ever changing industry. Outside of the
office she enjoys traveling to new and undiscovered places as well exploring
the nooks of L.A. and crossing restaurants off of Jonathan Gold’s L.A. 101
list. She’s also an avid fitness enthusiast and has recently started designing
jewelry. Jordan Rost VP, Marketing & Research View Bio Jordan Rost is the Vice
President of Marketing & Research at Adaptly, where he’s responsible for
growing the company’s brand and business with clients and partners. He
previously led marketing and insights teams at Nielsen and Google. Justin
Weigold SVP, Revenue East View Bio Justin is a digital marketing leader with a
passion for helping companies maximize their business and brand-building
opportunities in the mobile age. He joins Adaptly after working for two of our
most valued partners – Facebook and Twitter – where he helped build their
Health and CPG businesses. Prior to that, Justin worked on the client side for
some of the world’s most well-known lifestyle and consumer brands. When not in
the office, you’ll find him on the sidelines at one of his kid’s sports games,
traveling, or hunting the next great New England IPA. Kristen Donnino SVP of
Product View Bio Kristen oversees all aspects of the product lifecycle and
user experience; she works closely with our strategic partners, including
Snapchat, Pinterest, Facebook, and Twitter. Over the past 5+ years at Adaptly,
Kristen has been deeply involved in establishing the product vision and
launching new integrations, products, and features in-market. She lives in
Manhattan and when not chasing her toddler around, she enjoys fitness of all
varieties, photography, and travel. Kyle Benedetti VP of Partnerships View Bio
As VP of Partnerships, Kyle leads Adaptly’s platform relationships to help
maximize overall client success, revenue growth, and partner alignment. He
brings over 12 years of digital, social media, mobile, and performance
advertising experience to Adaptly. Kyle has worked at some of the largest
platforms in the world, with stops at both Yahoo! and Facebook. He has also
built sales and business development teams from the ground up at other social
media startups. Outside of the office, you can find Kyle on the golf course,
volleyball court, or rooting for a New England sports team. Lisa Cucinotta VP
of Accounts View Bio Lisa has more than a decade of experience at agencies and
nearly 15 years focused on branding and performance-based media as well as
cross-platform creative strategy. Lisa graduated from college with a BFA in
Fashion Design and fell in love with digital media after starting her own
fashion website and becoming what would now be considered an influencer. A
(hopefully still fashionable) mom of two, she has traded blogging about
fashion to writing about the challenges of parenting, which she refuses to
call “mommy blogging.” Matt Burgoon SVP, Operations View Bio Matt has been in
the world of digital media operations for over 15 years, working for various
startups, small orgs, and massive media conglomerates. His interests include
workflow, processes, and back-up plans. He’s been a record collector for 20+
years and very excited to pass down his collection to his two boys, who he’s
raising as proud Cleveland Sports fans. Go Cavs! Matt DePeola Chief Financial
Officer View Bio Matt comes from a mixed background in finance, astrophysics,
and male modeling. He arrived at Adaptly from Google, where he spent a little
too much time in the micro-kitchens. While there, he worked on the integration
of Invite Media into the DoubleClick stack. Away from the office, Matt works
on his patience and parenting skills as well as male modeling. Nikhil Sethi
Co-Founder & CEO View Bio Nikhil is a builder, gamer, and animal lover. Nikhil
has been honored by Forbes and included on their “30 Under 30: The Brightest
Minds Rocking The Marketing World” list as well as AdAge’s “40 Under 40” which
honors the innovative, young marketing leaders who have made their mark in the
client, agency and media worlds. Rob Kabrovski VP, Accounts EMEA View Bio Rob
is passionate about the digital space, to understand the channel mix and how
the various parts of it work together. With over 6 years’ experience in the
industry, he has worked across a variety of disciplines including Affiliate,
Display and Paid Social, and is constantly challenging the norms to drive
innovation across this space. In his spare time, you will usually find Rob in
the gym, playing football, watching his favourite team (the mighty Manchester
United) or attempting to succeed at golf. Will Heins VP, Platform Ops View Bio
Our Story 2010 Accepted into DreamIt Ventures’s three-month accelerator
program Opened NYC headquarters in “Silicon Alley,” Manhattan’s Flatiron
District 2011 Received Series A funding Expanded into EMEA with a London
office Ranked in Business Insider’s Silicon Alley 100 list Designated a member
of Facebook’s selective Marketing Partner program 2012 Named “One to Watch” by
Time Inc. Awarded Series B funding from First Round Capital, Time Warner, and
Valhalla Partners Set up an office in Los Angeles 2013 Joined Twitter’s new
Marketing Platform Partner program Co-founder Nikhil Sethi honored in Ad Age’s
40 Under 40 list 2014 Established exclusive partnership with messaging app Kik
Co-founders Nikhil Sethi and Garrett Ullom inducted into the Forbes 30 Under
30 list for the second consecutive year First alpha member in Pinterest’s
program for Marketing Developer Partners 2015 Selected for early Instagram Ads
API access Opened an office in San Francisco. 2016 Became an initial Snapchat
Partner 2010 Accepted into DreamIt Ventures’s three-month accelerator program
2010 Opened NYC headquarters in “Silicon Alley,” Manhattan’s Flatiron District
2011 Received Series A funding 2011 Expanded into EMEA with a London office
2011 Ranked in Business Insider’s Silicon Alley 100 list 2011 Designated a
member of Facebook’s selective Marketing Partner program 2012 Named “One to
Watch” by Time Inc. 2012 Awarded Series B funding from First Round Capital,
Time Warner, and Valhalla Partners 2012 Set up an office in Los Angeles 2013
Joined Twitter’s new Marketing Platform Partner program 2013 Co-founder Nikhil
Sethi honored in Ad Age’s 40 Under 40 list 2014 Established exclusive
partnership with messaging app Kik 2014 Co-founders Nikhil Sethi and Garrett
Ullom inducted into the Forbes 30 Under 30 list for the second consecutive
year 2014 First alpha member in Pinterest’s program for Marketing Developer
Partners 2015 Selected for early Instagram Ads API access 2015 Opened an
office in San Francisco. 2016 Became an initial Snapchat Partner Be Remarkable
General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media
Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY
10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N
LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite
405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA
94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact