WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Jason Del Rey ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @DelRey Recent
Posts by Jason Del Rey Zulily, Not Gilt Groupe, Will Be the First Deals Site
to Go Public Since Groupon October 8, 2013 at 8:33 am PT Tweet Share Print
Zulily, the discount e-commerce site targeted at moms, has filed its S-1
documents with the SEC to go public in a $100 million IPO. The company will be
listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol ZU, in what will be the first public
offering by an e-commerce company that specializes in selling goods in a
flash-sale model — and the first deals site to go public since Groupon. The
Seattle-based online retailer sells clothes and accessories for women,
children and babies at a discount in so-called flash sales that typically last
72 hours, a model that spurs impulse buying. “Offerings are only available for
a limited time and in a limited quantity, creating urgency to browse and
purchase,” the S-1 reads. The four-year-old startup recorded revenue of $272
million in the first half of the year, compared to $127 million in the same
period last year, and generated $2.4 million in net income. Zulily lost $10.3
million on revenue of $331.2 million in 2012. Zulily is one of a handful of
commerce sites that have been able to build a giant business off of flash
sales. Among the others are Gilt Groupe and One Kings Lane, while Fab recently
said it was ditching the model. Another, HauteLook, was acquired by Nordstrom.
Gilt, under the leadership of new CEO Michelle Peluso, could file its own IPO
paperwork as early as next year. But the model still is relatively new and
unproven. Zulily said as much in its filing, when it lists as a risk the
possibility that customers may stop enjoying this model of shopping. Among its
other risks: Since the company typically doesn’t take on inventory from its
sellers until an order has been placed, its order-to-delivery times are
relatively long, at 10.6 days in the second quarter of this year. This may at
some point become unacceptable to online shoppers who are used to two-day
shipping from the likes of Amazon. “Our relatively slower delivery times may
place us at a competitive disadvantage to other e-commerce retailers,” the
filing reads. “If we are required to decrease our delivery times to address
this competition or to meet customer demands, we may be required to incur
additional shipping costs, which we may or may not be able to pass on to our
customers, or to change our operations to carry additional inventory and face
additional inventory risk, either of which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results.” The company has raised
$139 million from Maveron, August Capital and Andreessen Horowitz. Those
entities own 23.6 percent, 7.5 percent and 7.3 percent of Zulily,
respectively, according to the filing. Zulily CEO Darrell Cavens still owns
20.9 percent of the company, while chairman Mark Vadon owns 30.4 percent.
Cavens was previously the CTO of online diamond seller Blue Nile, where Vadon
served as CEO. Tagged with: Andreessen Horowitz, August Capital, flash sales,
Gilt Groupe, IPO, Maveron, One Kings Lane, Zulily That Giant Bitcoin Crash in
the Wake of China Restrictions? It Never Happened. December 30, 2013 at 8:00
am PT This Is What It Looks Like Inside an Amazon Warehouse (Photos) December
23, 2013 at 7:30 am PT A New Perk for Google Employees? It Could Be Low-
Interest Personal Loans. December 22, 2013 at 12:03 pm PT By Setting Debit
Limits Following Target Breach, Chase Looking Out for Itself, Too December 22,
2013 at 8:03 am PT As Amazon’s Stock Hits All-Time High, Warehouse Issues
Under Scrutiny December 21, 2013 at 3:00 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version