WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Startup Has an Awesome Idea That Will Get Crushed by Big
Media November 5, 2013 at 1:21 pm PT Tweet Share Print Here’s a great idea
that’s long overdue: If you own a digital copy of a movie or TV show, you
should be able to lend it your friends. Just like you can do with a DVD. And
that’s what Streamnation, which launched today, said it is going to offer: A
free locker service that lets people stream their pals’ videos. Of course, the
reason that idea is long overdue is that Hollywood hates that idea: If you can
stream your friends’ copy of “Monsters University,” why would you buy it
yourself? Instead, when Hollywood does address digital storage and playback,
it does it in ways that don’t make sense to regular humans — try explaining to
your kids why they can only watch the copy of “Peter Pan” you bought from
iTunes on your iPad, and not your wife’s iPhone, and gauge their reaction.
It’s telling that UltraViolet, the industry’s own attempt to create a locker
system that works across multiple devices, has been a dud. So if Streamnation
CEO Jonathan Benassaya gets any traction at all, he can look forward to
spending a lot of time with lawyers. Perhaps that’s already begun today.
Streamnation, by the way, used to be Plizy, a now-defunct “video discovery
engine;” the old company raised $5.3M, and Benassaya said he has raised
another $1.2 million since pivoting. Benassaya, whose resume includes a stop
at Deezer, the French streaming music service he co-founded, has certainly
built Streamnation with a lawsuit in mind. It’s constructed using the same
“private performance” legal architecture that supports Cablevision’s virtual
DVR, which survived a Supreme Court challenge, and which Aereo is also trying
to use in its court battle. The idea in a nutshell: A customer uploads a video
— either one they made themselves, or ripped from a DVD, or got… however … to
Streamnation’s servers. Then they can stream it back anytime they want.
Streamnation doesn’t technically know what it’s holding on its servers.
Instead, it asks users to label the videos they’ve stored — but with a nudge
and a wink, it supplies artwork and metadata that go with well-known movies
and TV shows. All of which might fly if Streamnation stopped there, and kept
the playback limited to the person who uploaded the file. After all, Amazon
and Google launched music lockers that worked the same way, and initially did
so without the permission of the music industry. But Streamnation also allows
users to designate a list of friends and family that can “check out” their
library of videos, and stream those themselves, one at a time. The big idea
here is that there’s only one version of a given video in use at any time: No
copying, no downloads. See? No problem! That sounds great to me, the person
who is happy to pay for media but also happy to borrow stuff other people have
paid for, with their permission. But there’s no way Hollywood lets this go.
Tagged with: Aereo, ATD Facebook, Cablevision, Deezer, DRM, DVR, Hollywood,
Jonathan Benassaya, legal, movies, TV shows Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version