Home About Core Values Vision & Strategy Careers Newsroom Events Media
Publications Contact Us Home About Core Values Vision & Strategy Careers
Newsroom Events Media Publications Contact Us Kalvatin Kalvatin is a new
innovative cold-adapted marine enzyme technology derived from deep-sea cod.
The enzyme has unique features that make it super-active at about 37°C, which
results in it being superior to break down disease-related proteins, counter
infections caused by viruses and bacteria, reduce plaque/tartar and promote
healing processes. Kalvatin™ Dental Spray and Dental GelAll-natural,
veterinarian-recommended Kalvatin creates an active barrier that protects
against bacteria that cause gingivitis, plaque, and tartar. The result?
Healthier teeth and gums for your pet, fewer anesthesia-based dental
surgeries, and a happier life for the two of you—together. Kalvatin™ Dermal
Spray and Dermal GelEasy to apply and free of synthetic chemicals, Kalvatin
works to create an active barrier around hotspots and wounds while exfoliating
and moistening. And when your pet isn’t spending their time itching,
scratching, and chewing, they’re enjoying their time with you more. Technology
platformEnzyme technologyKalvatin is based on a cold-adapted trypsin from
deep-sea cod. This enzyme has unique properties that make it very effective in
counteracting viral and bacterial infections. Barrier against
infectionTogether with a hypertonic solution, the enzyme forms a temporary
barrier on skin or mucosa to help strengthening the defense against
infections. The barrier reduces the ability of viruses and bacteria to attach
to cells and cause disease. The enzyme's normal activity level is at 4°C. On
contact with body temperature the enzyme becomes superactive and the catalytic
activity is increased. The catalytic activity is 40-50 times higher than the
corresponding enzyme in mammals. The enzyme is extracted as a by-product of
fish processing and therefore leaves no negative ecological footprint. For
more information, please visit us at www.kalvatin.com> Top ADARTIS ANIMAL
HEALTH, LLC478 Elden StreetHerndon, VA 20170(p) 703.840.2211(f) 703.840.2213
©2015 Adartis Animal Health LLC. All rights reserved.