WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Jeff
Weiner Speaks June 30, 2007 at 1:35 am PT Tweet Share Print I had a pleasant
outdoor lunch with Yahoo Network division chief Jeff Weiner yesterday in Santa
Clara. That he would have lunch with me and allow me to make a little video
interview with him in the midst of all the management turmoil at the company
is why I like dealing with the ever-sassy Weiner, who actually seems to enjoy
debating a range of Internet issues. That he was only half-joking when he
suggested we play hooky and go see Michael Moore’s new documentary about the
U.S. health-care system called “Sicko,” instead of talking about Yahoo, made
me like him 15% more. I have written quite a bit about Weiner: Here about his
not taking the big Audience job at Yahoo back in the late spring (and which
now does not exist); and here on whether he would leave with departing CEO
Terry Semel, with whom Weiner arrived many years ago. Many speculate that now
that the Panama effort to overhaul Yahoo’s lagging search ad-sales system is
done (and which Weiner helmed with a large team at Yahoo), and it looks as if
it will improve results, he might move along on a high note. But among the key
Semel hires, Weiner is perhaps the best liked within Yahoo, and I doubt he’d
do that, given how interesting his job actually is. Still, Weiner, for one,
seemed up for the challenge, as you will see here: His purview includes the
“consumer-facing” products like communications (email, IM), community (Groups,
360, Flickr, Bix), media (news and information and entertainment), search
(Web, Answers, Delicious) and the front door of the whole place. Not
surprisingly, Weiner had a lot of insights on the state of the Web and talked
here about changes to Yahoo’s successful Flickr photo service. He also talks
about the re-opening of the highly trafficked front page of the Internet
portal to third-party publishers, as Yahoo used to do more often in its early
days before mostly pointing internally. The move has caused some rancor inside
Yahoo, but it is the right one to take as the company tries to focus on its
key strengths. It needs to, as it faces pressure from a range of competitors
from Google in search to MySpace and Facebook in social networking to YouTube
in online video to a plethora of upstarts messing around in every arena.
Tagged with: BoomTown, digital, Facebook, Flickr, Google, Internet, Jeff
Weiner, Kara Swisher, Myspace, Terry Semel, Yahoo, YouTube Third Foxconn
Worker Dies Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22,
2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg
Movie “Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James
Talks About $10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe
May 18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would
Be a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on
Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version