WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @kabster728
The Digital Solution > Mobile Apps Keeping Family, Sitter and Car on One
Calendar September 27, 2011 at 5:31 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews »
Sometimes, too much technology can be a bad thing. Busy families struggle to
coordinate schedules among all the devices they have using Microsoft Outlook,
Web calendars and a multitude of apps. Yet, no single program unites all of
these calendars in one place. This week, I tested something that attempts to
do just that. I’ve been using Skedi, a $10 app for the iPhone and iPod touch
made by Rodax Software. It imports third-party calendars, lets family members
create activities to which they invite or delegate one another (or other
people, like a baby sitter) and it syncs Skedi events back to other programs,
like Google Calendar. The best feature of Skedi is that it displays family
members’ availability, much like Microsoft Outlook, so a person can see when
others are free or busy. As dreamy as this app sounds, it needs work. It’s
only accessible on the iPhone and iPod touch and won’t work with Microsoft
Outlook calendars. It also needs more adjustable settings. Future iterations
will make it more accessible via other devices as well as the Web, according
to Rodax. An Android app is planned for this year and an iPad app is expected
this year or early 2012. Over the past two weeks, I’ve come to really
appreciate the value of an app like Skedi. My husband has been at a conference
in California and I’ve made several attempts to make plans with friends for
when he returns. One by one, I’ve had to cancel a Friday night dinner, a
Saturday night concert and an attempted Sunday night rescheduled dinner
because I made the mistake of thinking that no news of plans meant he had no
plans. Unfortunately, my husband couldn’t step away from the conference to
test Skedi with me. (I tested it with a colleague.) This brings up another
matter: Scheduling is a participation sport. The more people who use a
scheduling app, the more useful it’ll be. Skedi gives different people
different permissions. Kids aren’t required or even asked to respond to an
event, which is fine for younger kids whose parents plan their schedules. (The
term “parents” can be used loosely; a grandparent or friend can be added as a
“parent.”) One prompt encouraged me to add a car in the “kid” section so it
was automatically reserved for an activity. Left to right: The Skedi app lets
you create an event, respond to the event and see when family is busy. To set
up Skedi, I created an account using my email and a password, and then
followed prompts to add other parents, kids, baby sitters and friends to the
account using their names and emails. People who are invited to Skedi get an
email with a link that walks them through setting up an account. But they’ll
each have to buy the app for their devices if they want to use it. The Rodax
Software website suggests using Apple’s workaround for this: signing into each
device with the Apple ID originally used to buy the app, but this can be a
pain. After adding people, I was prompted to add my calendars, though only
calendars that follow an Internet standard called CalDAV will work. These
include the Apple Calendar and MobileMe, Google Calendar, Yahoo and AOL. I
added Google Calendar by entering my Google account email and password. In the
final setup step, I told Skedi to use my Google Calendar as the default
calendar for adding events. Once setup is complete, Skedi doesn’t let users
add or remove people from accounts. Rodax’s president and founder, John Boyer,
said that fixes over the next two weeks would enable making these and other
changes to calendars. Skedi looks a lot like iCal on the iPhone, including “+”
icons in the top of the screen that add events. Skedi is divided into three
sections: Family Calendar, My Calendar and Notifications. Family Calendar
shows an overall view of each person in the account, and color-shading—blue
for parents, tan for kids and brown for baby sitters—on calendar dates
represents when people are busy. If someone in your Skedi account imports a
calendar to his or her account, like her work calendar, appointments on that
calendar are represented with the colored shading but are marked as Private.
This lets family members know the times aren’t free but prevents them from
seeing the details of that work calendar. I created events by giving them
titles, adding a location, specifying the start and end times, designating a
person in charge and selecting the people in my Skedi account who I wanted to
join. Skedi checks each person’s availability so I know who’s busy or free.
Even if a person is busy, Skedi still lets me add them to the event. The
Notifications section tells you if someone has invited you to an event,
delegated you in an event or canceled an event. Alas, these alerts are only
accessible through the app, though Mr. Boyer said email alerts will be
available in the next two weeks. Back at my computer, I opened Google Calendar
on my Web browser and saw events other people in my account and I had added
using Skedi. A “booked by Skedi” note beside each event clued me in on how
these events were added. This is especially helpful for people who add events
on the go and forget they did it. The current iteration of Skedi has too many
kinks in it, and the app will be much more useful when it’s accessible by
means other than the iPhone and iPod touch. Still, the idea of saving time by
automatically showing family members’ availability is a big plus. Write to
Katherine Boehret at katherine.boehret@wsj.com Tagged with app, CalDav,
calendar, Google Calendar, iCal, iOS, iPhone, iPod touch, Rodax Software,
scheduling, Skedi You’ve Come a Long Way, Silicon Valley December 17, 2013 at
3:47 pm PT Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better
Backup December 10, 2013 at 3:15 pm PT Oh, the Places Your Phone Will Find
December 03, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT Xbox One: Digital Home Base for the Living
Room November 26, 2013 at 3:25 pm PT An iPad That’s Mini in Screen Size Only
November 19, 2013 at 3:06 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD
contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The
Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version