WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Twitch Takes Up Cat Herding With Ban on
PlayStation 4’s Playroom November 27, 2013 at 11:04 am PT Tweet Share Print
How did no one see this coming? The PlayStation 4 has an optional camera
accessory, games that use that camera, and the option to stream any game live
to the Internet via the popular gaming-video service Twitch. Put those three
ingredients together, let simmer for a week, and boom: Naked people, among
other things. First, Twitch was banning individual users for inappropriate
video content and comments in their livestreams. Now it has removed The
Playroom, the fun PlayStation Camera demo game bundled with every PS4, from
its directory. Twitch’s terms of service explicitly say that it’s only for
game content, and I can’t think of a less-bad option for dealing with users
who ignore that. But what happens when games that aren’t just hardware demos
come along and are similarly abused? A Twitch spokesperson said content is
“always gauged on a case by case basis” according to those terms. A “majority”
of users streaming The Playroom were using it for “non-gaming related”
content, according to a company statement. But, even if one person using a
console has read (hah!) and agreed to the terms of service, one of the
differences between consoles and personal computers — Twitch’s longtime
stomping ground — is that they’re designed to be used by many people in
various combinations at different times. Entering the living room and
expecting everyone to pretend they’re alone at a desk is not a sound strategy
as social gamecasting matures. Although initially planned for launch, as it
was on the PS4, Microsoft delayed Twitch streaming on its competing next-gen
console, the Xbox One, until Q1 2014. Tagged with: ban, console, Delisted,
Gamecasting, games, gaming, Microsoft, naked, nudity, PlayStation, PlayStation
4, PlayStation Camera, PS4, Removed, Sony, Terms of Service, The Playroom,
twitch, TwitchTV, videogames, XBox, Xbox One QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla
Games Raises Another $22 Million December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD
Week in Review: WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad
December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in
Midair December 19, 2013 at 1:52 pm PT Despite Free-to-Play Explosion, Apple
Puts Spotlight on Paid Games December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Why a Cozy
Relationship Between Valve and Oculus VR Makes Perfect Sense December 17, 2013
at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version