WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Clutter-Free, Twittified, Binged (and Also Apple-
icious): The New MSN Homepage Debuts (Plus Screenshots and the Press Release)
November 3, 2009 at 8:15 pm PT Tweet Share Print The new MSN homepage debuts
tonight and you would be completely correct in thinking the recipe Microsoft
(MSFT) has cooked up to inform its design ethos–white, clean and hiply
modern–has definite echoes of a certain longtime tech rival. That would be
Apple (AAPL), of course, with a big dollop of Twitter and Facebook tossed in,
and finished off with a generous sprinkling of Microsoft’s new Bing search
service. For those who care: The MSN butterfly logo remains, although it
appears to have lost a lot of weight too. (You can view a preview of the site
here.) The launch is the first major upgrade of the MSN main page in–if you
can believe it–a decade, part of an overhaul that the software giant has been
doing throughout its money-losing online services division. That has included
the launch of Bing in May, which has been a success for Microsoft, adding a
small amount of search market share and, more importantly, some much needed
respect to its long-beleaguered consumer Web efforts. The company’s online
execs are trying to keep up the innovation momentum with the new MSN redesign
and–as you can see below from the various screenshots–it is a major shift for
the portal site. Together, MSN and Windows Live have about 100 million unique
monthly visitors, putting Microsoft typically third behind Google (GOOG) and
Yahoo (YHOO). The company hopes to do better with a fresher MSN, which is
clearly aimed, first and foremost, at clearing up the clutter and link-heavy
old MSN homepage. MSN execs said the new main page has about half the “blue”
links. (See a video interview I also did with MSN exec Bob Visse about all of
this here, along with other videos Microsoft did with its MSN staff.) The top
of the new page features a big image module, with inline video and drastically
reduced topic areas–as BoomTown has previously reported–limited to news,
sports, entertainment, money and lifestyle. Under that is a more customizable
news module, to which feature tabs can also be added, such as for the World
Series or–prolonged sigh–Balloon Boy coverage. On the bottom left is a much-
goosed local module that resolves to beefed-up local sites, which is right
next another section featuring Bing top searches. Bing is present in every
part of the site now, with Microsoft stressing it and using its structured
data to improve the consumer experience. That’s important for Bing search too,
since MSN provides 45 percent of its traffic. Communications modules are to
the right, midpage and on the bottom. Unlike AOL and Yahoo, which have added
the ability to put third-party email on their homepages, only Hotmail is now
available on the new MSN, although this is likely to change soon. But perhaps
the design element that will garner the most attention is the prominent
placement of both Twitter and Facebook tabs in the bottom communications
module, right next to one for Windows Live. This allows users to update their
status and get instant access to the status of friends and followers. “We
wanted to cut the clutter, while also giving users one convenient place to
find what they need quickly,” said Scott Moore, executive producer of MSN in
the U.S., its most important market, in an interview earlier today with me.
“People are overloaded with information and they wanted us to fix that, even
if the service is not ours.” The focus on Facebook and Twitter was simply due
to intense user interest in the popular social networking sites. “Facebook has
popped and Twitter was really growing,” said Moore, who noted that there was
the possibility of adding other third-party apps in the future. A heavy
emphasis on apps was a key strategy of Yahoo’s homepage redesign, officially
launched in late July, which SVP Tapan Bhat touted at an meeting with analysts
last week as having increased page views and engagement. Advertising on the
page is perhaps the most conservative part, with units that remain largely as
before. The new MSN homepage will begin rolling out now, eventually reaching
about 10 percent of users by early next year. After that, it is expected to
become widely available to U.S. customers and then go worldwide. Here are
screenshots of the changes to peruse (click on top three images to make them
larger): Old Homepage: New Homepage: Local Edition: Twitter Section: Facebook
Section: And here is the official Microsoft press release: New MSN Designed to
Be the Best Home Page on the Web Fresh, new design delivers best of Bing,
latest in news and entertainment, instant access to Facebook and Twitter, and
customized local information in one place. REDMOND, Wash.–Nov. 3,
2009–Microsoft Corp. today unveiled a preview of its most significant home
page redesign in over a decade. The new MSN home page is designed to be the
best home page on the Web, with powerful Bing search, the top news and hottest
entertainment, and some of the most popular social networks–all in a fresh new
look. The new home page will deliver comprehensive local information from the
new MSN local information offering, MSN Local Edition, also unveiled today.
Beginning today, anyone can preview the new home page at
http://preview.msn.com. The new home page will begin rolling out today and
become widely available to U.S. customers early next year. Ninety percent of
people surveyed find home pages such as MSN to be valuable, and they like the
convenience of a comprehensive site.* Nearly 100 million people in the U.S.
visit MSN every single month, and MSN added over 10 million new customers in
the last year alone. However, today’s sites often fall short of top customer
needs and many haven’t kept up with evolving trends. Extensive customer
research highlights that people want less clutter and easier access to
information and services they care about, including search services that help
them make decisions easier and faster. “Now is the time to clean up the mess
on the Web–people need less clutter and less hassle to find what matters most
to them,” said Erik Jorgensen, corporate vice president, Microsoft. “Microsoft
is uniquely invested in search, media experiences and technical innovation.
Combining these assets to deliver our new MSN home page is a tremendous win
for customers and advertisers.” The clean, new MSN home page cuts through the
clutter with 50 percent fewer links than the previous home page and a
simplified navigation across news, entertainment, sports, money and lifestyle.
The new MSN home page also embraces the latest customer trends by deeply
integrating powerful search from Bing and providing easy access to Facebook,
Twitter and Windows Live services, comprehensive local information and in-line
video. Sophisticated technology powers the home page to deliver personally
relevant information, and improved performance satisfies people’s need for
speed. New key features of the MSN home page include these: * Innovative
search technology from Bing. Deeper Bing integration on the new home page
helps people make faster and more informed decisions and easily find the
information they want from anywhere on the Web. Bing is deeply integrated as
the core search service throughout the home page via key areas such as
shopping, travel and local, and as a way of highlighting hot topics, trends or
people. * Information and news people care about. The new home page delivers
against the No. 1 customer request–simplicity and ease of use–through its
fresh design and smart categorization. In-line high-quality, top news and hot
entertainment from trustworthy sources such as MSNBC, FOX Sports, Hulu and
Hearst, and comprehensive local information provide a compelling one-stop shop
for people to use as their home base online. More in-depth local information
is offered on the new MSN Local Edition, which is the only local online source
that smartly combines media with Bing search and provides access to real-time
community news that is grouped by ZIP code. * Convenient ways to communicate.
Simplicity drove the clean integration of popular social networks, such as
Facebook, Twitter and Windows Live “What’s New,” which aggregates up to 50 Web
activities, including Yelp, Flickr, Pandora and more, onto the MSN home page.
People no longer have to jump from site to site to update their status, tweets
or see what their friends are up to; the new home page makes it easy to view
and update in-line. “Customers told us they want the latest information from
their favorite sources, their friends and the breadth of the Web–and the new
MSN home page delivers via a fresh new look and new features,” Jorgensen said.
“Today is an important transformation for MSN, and it’s just the beginning.”
Tagged with: advertising, app, Balloon Boy, Bing, BoomTown, butterfly,
clutter, communications, consumer, data, design, digital, engagement,
entertainment, Facebook, Google, homepage, Hotmail, innovation, Internet, Kara
Swisher, lifestyle, local, logo, Microsoft, module, MSN, page view, portal,
redesign, Scott Moore, screenshot, search, social networking, software,
sports, status, Tapan Bhat, third party, Twitter, U.S., United States, Windows
Live, World Series, Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013
at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off
in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We
Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30,
2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With
That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version