WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Intel Reports Earnings Today, Facing Lots of
Big Questions January 17, 2013 at 9:55 am PT Tweet Share Print Chip giant
Intel will be reporting quarterly earnings today after markets close for
trading in New York. The report is coming amid a moment of high uncertainty
for the company. For one thing, there are questions about CEO succession.
Current CEO Paul Otellini (pictured) surprised everyone in November when he
announced plans to retire well before it was expected. All the smart money is
being placed on an internal successor being named, though Intel’s board of
directors will give at least some consideration to outsiders. Here’s a pretty
thorough list. Management issues aside, Intel has a more fundamental question
to struggle with: The personal computer industry, to which Intel has long been
the primary arms merchant, is contracting. Data from both Gartner and IDC
showed a market that shrank in 2012 by more than 3 percent — or about 13
million units. And there’s little sign of that changing. The damage to the PC
industry is being wrought by tablets and smartphones, markets where Intel has
yet to penetrate with chips of its own in any meaningful way. At the
International CES, Intel showed off its Lexington and Bay Trail generations of
mobile chips. Impressive as they may be — one attraction is to bring the x86
instruction set that is a fundamental underpinning of mainstream PCs to
tablets and phones — the chips won’t be inside any devices on store shelves
until late this year. It didn’t impress analysts at Piper Jaffray, who wrote
in a research note to clients, wrapping up their impressions of CES, that the
base of customers the new chips will attract is “not likely large enough to
move the needle for the company,” and that “we continue to be concerned about
the rate of cannibalization from tablets. We believe it is unlikely that 2013
sees any renewed interest in PCs.” Meanwhile, Intel has one business that is
largely safe from a meaningful competitive threat: Servers. Yes, it’s safe for
now, but not entirely. Server chips using technology licensed from ARM — the
British chip-design firm whose technology is found in most all of those non-
Intel mobile devices — are on the way and, if nothing else, looking like an
interesting option for the not-so-distant future. The uncertainty has
certainly weighed on Intel’s shares, which fell by more than 8 percent in 2012
but have since recovered. The shares were up more than 1 percent today in
trading on the Nasdaq to $22.41 by midday in New York. So what does the Street
expect today? Per-share earnings of 45 cents on revenue of $13.53 billion.
However, there are whispered numbers making the rounds, suggesting that Intel
may fall short. That would be rare, as Intel typically beats the Street, even
in tough quarters. But then, this isn’t just any tough quarter. Tagged with:
ARM, chips, earnings, Gartner, IDC, Intel, Paul Otellini, personal computers,
quarterly results, semiconductors, servers Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version