WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Add-On Incompatibility
After Browser Upgrade June 12, 2008 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print Here are
a few questions I’ve received recently from people like you, and my answers. I
have edited and restated the questions a bit, for readability. After reading
your positive review, I downloaded Firefox 3.0, only to discover that some of
my favorite add-ons, including a search toolbar, are incompatible. What can I
do about this? Wait. As I noted in the review, when major new versions of
Firefox come out, it takes a while for some of the many add-ons for the
browser to be updated so they are compatible with the new version. Because
these are written by a very large number of different companies and
individuals, the process will be gradual, and some will be updated more
quickly than others. As for search toolbars, like those from Google (GOOG) and
Yahoo (YHOO), I doubt that most people still need them. When they first came
out, these toolbars provided things the top browsers lacked: a permanent
search box, pop-up blocking and a few other useful features. But all the major
browsers now provide these things without requiring the installation of any
external toolbar. The companies that make the toolbars can use them to sell
advertising or attract you to their search engines. But, for many users today,
they are redundant. I don’t want to run antivirus software constantly, but I
would like to periodically run a program that could scan my computer and
remove viruses and the like. Does such a program exist? Yes. Here’s one
example. Microsoft (MSFT) makes a small, free program called the Malicious
Software Removal Tool that looks for, and tries to remove, a limited number of
the worst examples of malicious software. It can be downloaded at
www.microsoft.com/security/malwareremove. However, this isn’t a comprehensive
antivirus program. Microsoft says it detects and removes only “specific,
prevalent malicious software,” and advises that “You should also use up-to-
date antivirus software to help protect your computer from other malicious
software.” I am in the market for a laptop. I was considering a Dell (DELL) or
an H-P (HPQ) but have learned that Apples now run Windows. I have financial
(Quicken) and other business files (Excel, Word and PowerPoint) that would
need to be transferred to the new computer. Would this be possible on an Apple
(AAPL)? Yes, in the same ways you could transfer files from one Windows PC to
another. For example, you could burn them to a CD or DVD, copy them to an
external USB drive, or transfer them over a network or via the Internet. In
fact, if you buy your Mac at an Apple retail store, the store’s staff will
move your files over free, or for a modest fee, depending on which folders,
and how many, you want transferred. Once the files are on the Mac, you can
either use native Mac programs to read and/or modify them, or you can install
Windows and run your usual Windows programs to handle the files. For instance,
even if you never installed Windows on an Apple, your Excel, Word and
PowerPoint files could be used in the Mac version of Microsoft Office.
However, the Mac version of Quicken isn’t as compatible with the Windows
version’s files. So, for Quicken, I suggest installing Windows on the Mac and
running the Windows version of Quicken. You can find Mossberg’s Mailbox, and
my other columns, online for free at the new All Things Digital web site,
http://walt.allthingsd.com. Tagged with add-on, advertising, antivirus, Apple,
browser, computer, Dell, Excel, Firefox, Google, H-P, incompatibility, laptop,
malicious, PC, PowerPoint, program, search, search engine, software, toolbar,
Windows, word, Yahoo Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17,
2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at
6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT
Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at
Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives
AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine
Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version