WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Intel Shows Just How It Plans to Get Into Phones (Video)
January 10, 2012 at 5:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print For years, Intel has talked
about using its chips to power smartphones. Now it actually has something in
its hands. At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Intel is showing a
working reference design that it is offering to any phone maker that wants to
use its chips. The phone itself packs a 1.6GHz single-core Atom chip along
with an array of sensors and radios. “The sample platform we have is fully
buzzword compliant,” General Manager Mike Bell said in an interview. The
company has been testing thousands of phones internally and says the
performance is top of class, with battery life at least as good as most
Android devices. “We are not the best at power, but we are definitely very,
very competitive,” Bell said. Compatibility is another issue that Bell said he
is asked about a lot. Nearly all Java-based Android apps should run, as well
as a good number of those designed specifically for chips based on cores from
rival ARM. “We think that gets rid of the last argument people have,” Bell
said. Of course, Intel faces plenty of competition in the phone chip space,
including existing Android chip providers Qualcomm, Nvidia, Texas Instruments
and other challengers, such as Broadcom. Intel is announcing two phone
customers running its chips — a Lenovo phone for China slated to be released
in the first half of the year and a multi-year, multi-device alliance with
Motorola Mobility that will begin with a phone in the second half of the year.
Although Intel announced only the two customers, Bell indicated more names
will be coming soon. (Think next month’s Mobile World Congress for an update.)
“You can imagine our business is all about scale,” he said, declining to say
how many phone designs are being built around its chips, or how many customers
it has. In a roundtable with reporters, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha said he was
attracted to the chipmaker by both its roadmap and its approach, which focuses
as much on running multiple instructions on a single chip core as it does on
packing in as many cores as possible. “What they have done is multithreading
vs. multicore,” Jha said, noting there is a big debate in computer science as
to which is better. Jha said that, along with other innovations like three-
dimensional transistors, this will be important as the laws of physics prevent
rapid performance gains just by shrinking the size of transistors. Intel has
focused its phone efforts entirely on Android for now, noting that it believes
it has more people working on Android than Google does. MORE CES NEWS:
Complete coverage HP’s Former CTO: Ultrabooks Are Nothing New, webOS Still Has
Life Yet Walt Shows Off CES Gadgets for Fox Business News (Video) What Kind of
Web Video Plans Does Sony Have? (Video) Fujitsu Seeking Way Into Crowded U.S.
Smartphone Market Why Rhapsody Is (Probably) Bigger Than Spotify — In the U.S.
Microsoft Beefing Up CeBit Presence Even as It Pulls Back on CES Inside the
CES Lost & Found FCC Chairman Has New Tablet, but Same Script: More Spectrum!
Verizon Wireless: We Want to Connect Five Devices for Every Subscriber
Ultrabooks From HP and Lenovo That Are (Kinda, Sorta) Different Walt and Katie
Take a Tour of CES (Video) Schmidt-Storm Alert: The Google Chairman Didn’t
Like Your Question T-Mobile Expands Bobsled Messaging Service Intel Shows Just
How It Plans to Get Into Phones (Video) Motorola CEO: We’re Going to Release
Fewer Phones This Year Kinect Helps Keep Aging Xbox at the Top of Its Game
More From T-Mobile CEO: On Pricing, LTE and That Ever-Elusive iPhone
Exclusive: New Boss Acknowledges Windows Phone Still Has “Awareness Problem”
And You Thought Jawbone UP Was Going to Miss the CES Party! Interview:
T-Mobile CEO Says No Second AT&T; Deal Out There Grover Is at CES and I Am
Missing It BlueStacks Bringing Android Apps to Windows 8 Why the Future of TV
Won’t Be Here Soon Nvidia’s Tegra 3 Tries to Save Battery in All Sorts of
Different Ways Dynamic Dual Coverage: Ballmer’s Last Act in Vegas and the BCS
Championship in 3-D Microsoft Phoning In Its Last CES Keynote Myspace — Yes,
Myspace — Says It’s Going to Sell You Web TV Samsung Unveils “Super” 55-Inch
OLED TV Nokia Unveils That LTE Windows Phone It’s Been Dying to Share Steve
Ballmer Gives Ralph De La Vega a Very … Vigorous Greeting (Video) Interview:
AT&T;’s De La Vega on LTE, Tablets and Life After T-Mobile AT&T;’s De La Vega:
Shared Data Plans Still in the Works LG: 55-Inch Glasses-Free 3-D Screen Is on
the Way LG Pushes 4G Smartphone Through Verizon: The LG Spectrum Live: AT&T;’s
Vegas Act Stars LTE and, Making Her Return to the Stage, Nokia CES Notebook:
The Constant Search for Power and Vegas’ Worst-kept Secret Belkin Bringing
Mobile TV to Lots of Cellphones, Will Anyone Tune In? Acer Introduces “World’s
Thinnest” Ultrabook and a “Me-Too” Cloud Service There Better Be Some Cool
Stuff at CES, Because CE Holiday Sales Data Bytes! CES 2012: Snooki and Bieber
Are In, Gaga Is Out! Coming to a Smartphone Near You: Gorilla Glass 2 RIM
Hopes Next PlayBook OS Will Impress at CES Ultrabooks, the Ultra-Fancy New
Name for Laptops At CES, Expect More Gadgets Telling You to Get Off the Couch
Intel to Detail Its Phone Plans at CES Next Month Microsoft Pulling Out of CES
After Upcoming Show Intel to Detail Its Phone Plans at CES Next Month Dell
Will Drop the Flashy Vegas Act for CES This Year Ultrabook Conga Line Preps
for CES 2012 Tagged with: Android, Atom, Broadcom, CES, CES2012, Google,
Intel, Mike Bell, Motorola, Motorola Mobility, Nvidia, phones, Qualcomm,
Sanjay Jha, smartphone, Texas Instruments Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads
for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran
Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013
at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone
Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version