WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello WALTER S. MOSSBERG Mossberg’s Mailbox Is There a Tool to Help Send
Large Files Over the Internet? June 14, 2007 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print
There’s no other major item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable
and unreliable as our personal computers. Everybody has questions about them,
and we aim to help. Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received
recently from people like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the
questions a bit, for readability. This week my mailbox contained questions
about sending large files over the Internet, buying a combo PDA/cellphone, and
sharing music on the same local area network. Did you review a tool that would
make it easier to send large files over the Internet? What was it? Yes. It’s
called Pando, and is a free download at www.pando.com. But there’s an even
simpler service, which works right from within a Web browser and doesn’t
require the download or installation of any software. It’s called YouSendIt
and is at yousendit.com. Both work on the same general principle: Instead of
emailing a huge file, you upload it to these services. They then send an email
to your intended recipient that merely contains a link or tiny special
attachment. When the recipient clicks on the link or special attachment, the
file is downloaded to his or her computer, without having passed through his
or her email inbox. Both services have free versions, and also paid versions
which offer greater capacity and other features. My Handspring Visor has
expired. Since I have also have a vintage Nokia cellphone, would you recommend
a combo PDA/cellphone with “useable” keyboard or should I buy a distinct
replacement PDA and cellphone? It all depends on your budget, and your
tolerance for carrying two devices. But the stand-alone PDA is fading, and is
harder and harder to find. If you bought a Palm Treo phone that uses the Palm
operating system, such as the $199 Treo 680, you’d have a decent phone with a
built-in PDA that works very much like your Visor, only with more speed and
added features. On the other hand, if you’d like a change, there are many
Windows Mobile phone/PDA combo devices that can cost even less, like the
Samsung Blackjack. If you’re content to keep the Nokia for phone calls, Palm
still makes some standalone PDAs which work pretty much like your Visor, only
better — like the $99 Z22. I read your article on using iTunes to share music
with others on the same local area network. Must both computers be turned on
in order for this to work? Yes, all the computers whose music you want to
share must not only be turned on, but iTunes must be running on them. Write to
Walter S. Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with Blackjack, browser,
cellphone, email, Handspring, Internet, iTunes, music, Nokia, Palm, Pando,
PDA, Samsung, Treo, Visor, Web, YouSendIt Search the Mossberg Archives
AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine
Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version