Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Biotechnologies Announces a Collaboration With Sanofi to use Adaptive’s
clonoSEQ® Assay to Measure Minimal Residual Disease in Active and Future
Isatuximab Multiple Myeloma Trials 05/29/2018 SEATTLE, Wa., May 29, 2018.
Adaptive Biotechnologies, the leader in combining Next Generation Sequencing
(NGS) and expert bioinformatics to profile T- and B-cell receptors of the
adaptive immune system, announced today that it entered into an agreement with
Sanofi to utilize Adaptive’s NGS-based clonoSEQ® Assay to assess minimal
residual disease (MRD) status in response to isatuximab. This investigational
anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody is in clinical development for the treatment of
newly diagnosed, relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma (MM). Through
this collaboration, the parties will work together to evaluate the clinical
value of monitoring MRD negativity in isatuximab-treated MM patients. Adaptive
will be responsible for seeking regulatory approvals for and commercialization
of the clonoSEQ Assay in MM for select geographies. Adaptive will receive
upfront payments and potential future milestone payments. Financial terms of
the agreement were not disclosed. “Adaptive is thrilled to apply its
technology to help determine the depth and duration of response to isatuximab
in MM-treated patients,” said Chad Robins, CEO and co-founder of Adaptive
Biotechnologies. “We look forward to kicking off our collaboration and
applying our validated, highly sensitive and quantitative clonoSEQ Assay to
measure MRD status as a clinical endpoint in Sanofi’s clinical trials.” The
use of residual disease assessment to inform drug development has steadily
increased in the past few years. Currently, there are three published meta-
analyses1, 2, 3 describing the utility of incorporating a highly sensitive MRD
measurement to evaluate a patient’s response to therapy. This collaboration is
Adaptive’s fourth collaboration with leading biopharmaceutical companies. “MRD
status is being incorporated as an important clinical endpoint to assess
response to therapy in patients with multiple myeloma and other lymphoid
malignancies,” said Charles Sang, Adaptive’s Senior Vice President,
Diagnostics. “We are excited to work with Sanofi on its late-stage MM trials
to help demonstrate the clinical utility of achieving MRD negativity in
isatuximab-treated patients.” About Minimal/Measurable Residual Disease
Minimal/measurable residual disease (MRD) refers to cancer cells that remain
in the body of a person with lymphoid cancer after treatment. These cells can
be present at levels undetectable by traditional morphologic, microscopic
examination of blood, bone marrow or a lymph node biopsy. Sensitive molecular
technologies, such as next-generation sequencing utilized by the Adaptive
Biotechnologies clonoSEQ Assay, are needed for reliable detection of MRD at
levels below the limits of traditional assessment. About the clonoSEQ® Assay
The Adaptive Biotechnologies clonoSEQ Assay enables physicians to utilize a
molecular, NGS-based minimal/measureable residual disease (MRD) detection to
inform clinical decisions in patients with lymphoid malignancies. The clonoSEQ
Assay detects and quantifies DNA sequences found in malignant cells, which can
be tracked in patients longitudinally on- and post-treatment. This robust
assay provides consistent and accurate measurement of disease burden that
allows physicians to assess response to therapy over time. Adaptive is seeking
510(K) marketing authorization from FDA for the clonoSEQ Assay. Currently
clonoSEQ is not FDA cleared but is distributed as a CLIA certified service.
Nothing in this release constitutes a recommendation to use clonoSEQ with
respect to a particular drug therapy. This release may contain forward looking
statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including but not
limited to the risk that approval or commercialization of products or services
will be delayed or not obtained, and the risk that future milestones will not
be achieved. About Adaptive Biotechnologies Adaptive Biotechnologies is the
pioneer and leader in combining NGS and expert bioinformatics to profile
T-cell and B-cell receptors. Adaptive is bringing the accuracy and sensitivity
of its immunosequencing platform to researchers and clinicians around the
world to drive groundbreaking research in cancer and other immune-mediated
diseases. Adaptive also translates immunosequencing discoveries into clinical
diagnostics and therapeutic development to improve patient care. For more
information, please visit adaptivebiotech.com. CONTACT: Adaptive
Biotechnologies Beth Keshishian (media) 917-912-7195 media@adaptivebiotech.com
1\. Landgren O, et.al. BMT, 2016. 2\. Munshi NC, et.al. JAMA Oncol, 2017. 3\.
Berry DA, et. al. JAMA Oncol, 2017. Previous Press Release FDA Approves First
Therapy for Patients With MRD-Positive ALL 04/02/2018 Next Press Release FDA
Grants De Novo Designation for Adaptive Biotechnologies’ clonoSEQ Assay to
Detect and Monitor Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) in Patients with Multiple
Myeloma and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia 09/28/2018 Corporate/Research (855)
466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses