Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Facebook Messenger Playbook:
How to Make the Most of Advertising on Messaging Apps Reading Time: 4 Minutes
It’s been four years since Facebook acquired WhatsApp and launched a
standalone messaging app, Messenger. With $16 billion spent on the WhatsApp
acquisition, 1.5 billion users on the platform, and 1.3 billion monthly active
users on Messenger, Facebook is finally beginning to monetize their messaging
apps. A smart move considering messaging apps have more monthly active users
than social networks and almost half of consumers would rather message a brand
than call or email them. Advertising was introduced on Messenger in 2017, and
in early 2018, WhatsApp debuted a paid offering that allowed businesses to
contact users for a small fee. The advertising capabilities on WhatsApp are
still limited, however on Messenger the offerings have continued to grow. More
than half of US internet users have used chatbots, and 53% of consumers are
more likely to shop with a business they can message. It’s a place that brands
and advertisers need to be, so we’ve created a three-step guide to help you
navigate the complexities of advertising on Messenger. 1\. Make Sure Your
Brand Is Prepared to Handle Inbound Messages Conversations between consumers
and businesses on Messenger should feel organic. Gaps in conversation can kill
the authentic feeling and frustrate consumers. Staffing a community management
team equipped to deliver prompt responses around the clock can get extremely
expensive. Instead, use a Facebook bot developer to develop an automated
Messenger experience. Bots can do everything from providing users information
about certain products and services to addressing customer complaints. When
Kia launched their Niro model last year, they developed a Messenger bot that
used artificial intelligence to understand user questions and perform a wide
range of tasks. People could use the Niro bot to easily learn more about the
car’s specs, inquire about warranty and service support, conduct an inventory
search at dealerships, and request a test drive or quote. Facebook also allows
users to buy products directly in Messenger using their payment integration.
Advertisers can even offer videos, mobile games, quizzes, the option to set up
reminders, and more, all within the app. Messenger is truly a blank canvas for
brands to develop a personal relationship with users. AI-powered bots are
becoming more and more powerful, however it’s always a smart idea to give
users the option to switch over and speak with a human at any point. 2\. Use a
Mix of Paid Media and Discoverability to Cultivate an Audience Unfortunately,
it’s not enough to launch a Messenger bot and expect a massive audience
overnight. To help cultivate an audience, brands can employ two main
strategies: discoverability and click-to-Messenger ads. Discoverability To
drive engagement, Facebook recommends adding plugins to your website that
direct people to Messenger, including visual codes for people to scan at
retail locations, and updating the call-to-action button on your business’
Facebook Page. McDonald’s got creative in a recent Brazilian campaign and
placed a Messenger QR code on their tray liner allowing customers to play a
game and receive a coupon. It’s ingenuity like this that helps cultivate an
audience on Messenger without relying solely on paid user acquisition. Click-
to-Messenger Ads Click-to-Messenger ads are Facebook, Instagram, or Messenger
ads that send people into a Messenger conversation with your business. We
recommend using a combination of Custom Audiences, personalized creative, and
customized greeting messages to most efficiently engage users. The first step
is creating Custom Audiences based on certain action users have taken in app
(viewing a video, for example) or on site (landed on your home page, looked at
a certain set of products). Then target the audience with a relevant, creative
message. An apparel brand, for example, might want to show different creative
to users who looked at men’s sneakers and users who looked at women’s
leggings. Then, when those different user groups click to enter a Messenger
experience with your brand, they can be sent a specific greeting message based
on their recent activity. Using the same example, users who looked at men’s
shoes can be greeted with a custom, relevant message, not just a generic
“hello.” Mastering this process requires creating numerous Custom Audiences,
creating an increased number of ads, and constantly A/B testing. But when it’s
done correctly, this strategy can pay dividends and unlock an entirely new,
effective marketing channel for your brand. 3\. Re-Engage Users Who Interacted
With Your Brand on Messenger A real benefit of engaging users with your
business’ Messenger experience is unlocking the ability to send Sponsored
Messages. Facebook’s Sponsored Messages product allows businesses to send
recently engaged users a message directly in their Messenger inbox. Love Your
Melon recently took advantage of Sponsored Messages to impressive results. In
a 3-day blitz, the company targeted users who previously engaged with them on
Messenger and were able to accomplish a 14x return on ad spend (ROAS), a 19%
click-through rate (CTR) from Messenger to their website, and a $0.15 cost per
link click (CPLC). The monetization of messaging apps is still in its infancy
compared to traditional social media apps, but that’s all the more reason for
brands to lean in. Not too long ago, mobile advertising was in a similar place
to where messaging is today. Businesses who sat idly by as the transition from
desktop to mobile occurred paid the price. Users are 3.5 times more likely to
open a Facebook message from a brand than to open a marketing email. Moving
just 20% of your email budget to messaging platforms next year will pay
dividends. It’s a small investment in testing and education that will prepare
your brand for the day messaging is the main channel of communication between
brands and consumers. Michael LaFond Senior Partnerships Manager Michael
LaFond is a Senior Partnerships Manager at Adaptly, where he works closely
with platform and data partners to bring cutting edge advertising solutions to
market. Growing up in Maine, Michael enjoys surfing, skiing, and the outdoors.
Office New York Share Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access
download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with
the latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments
Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599,
ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17
New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX
Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th
Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact