WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Rackspace Builds a New Cloud for CERN, A.K.A.
the Place That Invented the Web July 1, 2013 at 6:04 am PT Tweet Share Print
There’s some interesting news on the cloud computing front today, interesting
mainly because of one entity involved: CERN, the European Laboratory for
Particle Physics. That’s the place that 20 years ago created what we now call
the Web. CERN (its headquarters are pictured) has tapped Texas-based Rackspace
to help it build a hybrid cloud computing system. Hybrid cloud is a term of
art meaning that the hardware comprising the cloud lives in two places. The
hardware that is on the customer’s premises works in concert with the hardware
the service provider maintains. That means that computing capacity can be
brought to bear on big workloads as needed. Central to the effort is
Openstack, the open-source cloud operating system that has been dubbed the
standard for cloud computing. CERN is the place where physicists study nothing
less than the very secrets of the origins of the universe, which they do in
many ways, including but not limited to smashing particles together at high
speed to see what emerges. All these experiments produce a huge amount of
digital data — about 25 petabytes a year — that must be analyzed. It’s not the
first time that Rackspace has worked with CERN. Previously, the company helped
the lab with a system that allowed certain computing workloads to “burst” into
the Rackspace public cloud as needed. This time around, they’re going to
collaborate around the idea of tying up Rackspace’s public and private cloud
services with other Openstack-based cloud systems that CERN already operates
in its own data centers, the point being to get them working pretty
seamlessly, and making the whole thing easier and less expensive to manage.
The two organizations made a short video explaining it all, including lots of
shots of the Large Hadron Collider which I’ve embedded below. Tagged with:
CERN, cloud computing, data centers, OpenStack, particle physics, physics,
Rackspace, science, Web Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version