WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple’s Insanely Great
Quarter: 3.05 Million Macs, 7.4 million iPhones Sold October 19, 2009 at 1:37
pm PT Tweet Share Print Apple’s September quarter saw, among other things, the
release of Snow Leopard, the latest upgrade to its OS X operating system and
the first public appearance of CEO Steve Jobs, who’d been on a medical leave
of absence for a liver transplant. It was also the first full period since the
company launched the iPhone 3GS, in late June. No wonder it was a blowout
quarter. After market close Monday, Apple reported a fiscal fourth-quarter
profit of $1.67 billion, or $1.82 a share, on revenue of $9.87 billion. That
topped the estimates of analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters, who’d expected
the company to earn $1.42 a share on revenue of $9.2 billion. The company sold
3.05 million Macs during the quarter, a 17 percent increase over last year. It
sold 10.2 million iPods, an eight percent decline from the year-ago quarter.
And iPhones? Apple (AAPL) sold 7.4 million of those–seven percent more than
during the same period last year. So much for those supply-chain issues that
some analysts warned might undermine iPhone sales. “We are thrilled to have
sold more Macs and iPhones than in any previous quarter,” said CEO Jobs.
“We’ve got a very strong lineup for the holiday season and some really great
new products in the pipeline for 2010.” [Editor’s Note: “…really great new
products”–is that code for a tablet?] Apple shares, which closed at $189.86
today, are spiking as I write this. At $203.90, they’re up more than seven
percent in extended trading. Looking ahead to its fiscal first quarter, Apple
estimates it will earn between $1.70 and $1.78 a share on revenue in a range
of $11.3 billion to $11.6 billion. That’s comically lower than the $1.91 a
share on $11.45 billion in sales that analysts are forecasting. But as today’s
results clearly demonstrate, Apple subscribes to the underpromise-and-over-
deliver school of guidance theory, so there’s likely little cause for concern.
So, to recap: Apple sold more Macs and more iPhones than in any previous
quarter in the company’s history. Before the holiday quarter. And in midst of
the worst economy we’ve seen in 50 years. Notes From the Earnings Call: Apple
COO Tim Cook and CFO Peter Oppenheimer are handling the earnings call. CEO
Steve Jobs will not be attending. Oppenheimer says this was Apple’s second-
highest quarterly revenue ever. Highest-ever operating margin. “We are
thrilled with these record-breaking results, particularly given the economic
environment around us.” Obviously. Macs are showing “fantastic momentum,” says
Oppenheimer. Sales have outpaced the market in 19 of the past 20 quarters.
Quarterly sales were up 17 percent; portable sales, 35 percent. Interesting:
42 percent growth in Asia. Moving on to iPods: Sales were down to 10.2 million
from 11 million a year ago. But iPod touch sales doubled. MP3 market share in
the U.S. is now more than 70 percent (according to NPD, I think). iPhone sales
were up seven percent. Apple will begin selling iPhones in China later this
month. More than 85,000 apps in App Store. Two billion downloads. Apple opened
15 new stores during the quarter. Now has 273. Will soon open first two stores
in France, including one at the Louvre. Moving on to the Q&A.; Asked about
those iPhone 3GS supply issues I mentioned earlier, Cook acknowledges that
demand did outstrip supply in a number of countries. But the situation
improved “markedly” in September. How are things looking for China? Cook: “I
would have liked to have had more, honestly, because we were still short in
some countries at the end of the quarter.” Apple is obviously very excited
about the iPhone’s impending debut in China. “There’s a good opportunity, and
we’re really excited to get started,” says Cook. “It’s the largest market in
the world in terms of total phones.” No comment on the broader economy. “We
just spend our time projecting our business and leave the economy to the
economists.” Does Apple worry about iPhone rivals? Android? Not really, says
Cook. “We feel very good about suiting up and competing against anyone.” Our
competitors are still trying to catch up with the first iPhone, he adds. Snow
Leopard? Cook says the company’s been “pleasantly surprised” by sales of
Apple’s latest OS. How does Apple benefit from carrier-exclusivity iPhone
deals? Cook says carriers with exclusivity deals are willing to invest more in
the platform and that means greater innovation. Visual voicemail is an example
of that. That said, he adds, “We’ve found no lack of people wanting to sell
iPhones, frankly.” International store revenue up more than 20 percent, on
average. More on iPhone supply issues. Cook insists this is not a component
issue, though he notes that silicon can sometimes be hard to get. “We feel
good about our position now.” And still more on iPhone supply issues: How many
iPhones would Apple have sold if it had an adequate supply? Impossible to say,
really, Cook says, adding that 3GS units were in short supply virtually
everywhere in September. Enterprise demand for the iPhone is very strong. It’s
either being deployed or already in use at some 50 percent of Fortune 100
companies. Same with Europe and the FT 100. Widely used in higher ed and
government as well. But perhaps not widely enough. Asked about institutional
sales, Cook says Apple isn’t seeing much stimulus funding. The company’s
worried about state spending. Says Cook, “We may see more this quarter, but
it’s too early to tell.” Tagged with: 3GS, analysts, App Store, Apple, apps,
Asia, China, competitors, deals, digital, earnings call, economists,
estimates, financial, Fortune 100, fourth quarter, France, FT 100, government,
guidance, hardware, higher ed, holiday season, innovation, institutional
sales, international, iPhone, iPods, John Paczkowski, liver transplant,
Louvre, Mac, market close, market share, momentum, MP3, NPD, operating margin,
operating system, OS X, Peter Oppenheimer, portable, Q&A;, revenue, sales,
share, Snow Leopard, software, state spending, Steve Jobs, stimulus funding,
stores, supply, tablet, telecom, Thomson Reuters, Tim Cook, U.S., upgrade Late
Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at
10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good
Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest
Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook
Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version