WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello newspapers 278 posts and columns on newspapers All Writers Kara
Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey News Byte NBC’s Vivian Schiller Announces Twitter Job Peter
Kafka in Media on October 24, 2013 at 1:04 pm PT NBC News executive Vivian
Schiller has formally accepted a new job as Twitter’s head of news
partnerships. AllThingsD reported two weeks ago that Schiller would take the
job, which is supposed to provide Twitter with a liaison to journalists and
news organizations. Schiller said she’ll continue to live in Washington, D.C.,
with her family, and will be commuting frequently to Twitter’s San Francisco
headquarters. No Matter How Hard You Squint At It, the New York Times Can’t Be
a TV Company Peter Kafka in Media on October 8, 2013 at 11:19 am PT The Paper
of Record is beginning to look a bit like Time Warner, Disney and CBS. But not
that much. Jeff Bezos Reveals He Doesn’t Have a Plan to Save the Washington
Post Peter Kafka in Media on September 3, 2013 at 7:16 am PT Tech billionaire
geniuses are just like us — they can’t figure out how to make newspapers work,
either. New York Times Goes Down Again, and This Time Hackers Are to Blame
Arik Hesseldahl in News on August 27, 2013 at 2:01 pm PT A “malicious external
attack is suspected.” An Unopened Letter to Jeff Bezos: “The Daily Show”
Explains How to Save Newspapers Peter Kafka in Media on August 16, 2013 at
6:50 am PT “Newspapers thought that people want to pay money, for information.
But we now know from the Internet that what they really want is their own
opinions fed back to them, for free.” Voices Red Sox Principal Owner to Buy
Boston Globe Newspaper William Launder, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in
Voices on August 3, 2013 at 9:17 am PT New York Times Co. has struck a deal to
sell the Boston Globe to John Henry, the principal owner of the Red Sox. Area
Man Can’t Read Print Edition of Parody Newspaper “It’s sad to hear but of
course it makes sense. [The] Onion in print is a parody of daily newspapers
and college students don’t read daily newspapers anymore. — Onion co-founder
Tim Keck, responding to news that the paper he helped start when he was a
student at the University of Wisconsin will shut down its print edition in
Madison, Wis. Of Course the Washington Post Is Selling “Native Ads” Peter
Kafka in Media on June 12, 2013 at 7:57 am PT The paper’s twist: Hate our
editorial? Great! Pay us to run your message next to it. The Name Is
Irrelevant The problem is calling them newspapers … — Barry Diller, in an
interview with Katherine Weymouth, CEO of the Washington Post, at the
Newspaper Association of America’s mediaXchange on Tuesday The New York Times
Posts a Help Wanted Ad for a Sales Boss Peter Kafka in Media on April 2, 2013
at 1:39 pm PT Tough gig. The New York Times Tries Selling the Boston Globe
Again Peter Kafka in Media, February 20, 2013 at 1:10 pm PT Tinypass, Andrew
Sullivan’s Favorite Paywall Operator, Gets a CEO and Some Cash Peter Kafka in
Media, January 17, 2013 at 7:00 am PT Washington Post Plans a Paywall Keach
Hagey, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in Media, December 6, 2012 at 3:35 pm
PT News of the World, Australian Papers, IGN Weigh On News Corp. Earnings It’s
a Protest … It’s a Cutback … Buy a Newspaper Stock? Yup, Says Barclays: The
New York Times. Google Pulls the Plug on Its TV Ads Business Peter Kafka in
Media, August 30, 2012 at 3:00 pm PT The New York Times Reports a Digital
Success Story Peter Kafka in Media, August 6, 2012 at 5:40 am PT Inside
Murdoch’s Decision Merissa Marr and Christopher S. Stewart, Reporters, The
Wall Street Journal in Media, June 29, 2012 at 5:00 am PT News Corp. Mulls
Splitting in Two Martin Peers, John Jannarone and Anupreeta Das, Reporters,
The Wall Street Journal in News, June 26, 2012 at 3:21 am PT Paid Newspaper
Aggregator Ongo Shuts Down There’s No Tomorrow Warren Buffett Says He May Buy
More Newspapers Another Big Newspaper Says Digital Ads Shrank Last Quarter
Peter Kafka in Media, May 4, 2012 at 9:16 am PT The Failures and Fallacies of
Mike Daisey’s Apple Attack and the Media Arik Hesseldahl in Media, March 18,
2012 at 6:06 am PT Page 1 of 912345Next...Last AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version