WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Is AOL Finally Making Money From Content? Maybe! November
5, 2013 at 9:24 am PT Tweet Share Print One of the perennially weird things
about AOL is that it’s a content company that doesn’t make money from content:
All of its actual profit has come from subscribers to its old Internet-access
business, which still has 2.5 million customers,* who pay $20 a month to get
online. But now, in 2013, more than four years into Tim Armstrong’s tenure as
CEO, that may be changing. In AOL’s Q3 earnings report today, AOL announced
that its “brand” business — the group that operates and sells ads on AOL.com
and the other sites AOL owns and operates, like the Huffington Post and
TechCrunch — made money. Sort of. If you squint at it the right way. Using an
unofficial metric called “Adjusted OIBDA,” AOL said its brand group made $10.9
million in the last three months. And if you look at all of 2013 to date, that
performance holds up: AOL said the brand group’s Adjusted OIBDA for the first
nine months of the year was $4.6 million. This is the first time AOL has been
able to say that its brand group has positive Adjusted OIBDA. On the other
hand, AOL only started breaking out its “brand” business as a category last
year, so it’s hard to make a real apples-to-apples comparison. More important
is that Adjusted OIBDA isn’t a “real” accounting metric. It leaves out lots of
costs that traditional accounting requires, like depreciation and
amortization, as well as one-time costs like restructuring charges. AOL argues
that looking at the number is helpful because it gives you a good idea of its
“core operating performance.” Lots of other companies use similar metrics to
tell investors the best possible story about their performances. Twitter, for
instance, highlights a metric it calls “Adjusted EBITDA” in its IPO filings.
But companies that use metrics like Adjusted OIBDA usually also tell you what
their “real” profit numbers or operating income numbers are (Twitter, for
instance, loses money). And AOL, which isn’t required to break out its
divisions, doesn’t do that for its brand business. We do know that AOL’s brand
business did have some significant one-time hits in Q3, generated by the
downsizing at Patch, its struggling local-news effort. AOL took a $19 million
charge for restructuring charges at Patch, and also knocked down the value of
the unit on its books, generating another $25 million in “asset impairment
charges.” If you added those in, the brand group’s $10.9 million Adjusted
OIBDA profit would swing to a $33 million loss. We also know that the top line
for AOL’s content business is doing well. Revenue was up nine percent this
quarter, to $192.5 million. Which means that it’s finally getting close to
eclipsing the company’s dial-up business, which saw revenue shrink by seven
percent, to $204.5 million. So we can say that the trend lines for AOL’s
content business are improving, which is the point AOL wants us to understand.
What we can’t say is whether it makes money. But it’s probably closer than it
has ever been. * If you’re wondering who exactly is paying AOL to get online
in 2013, here’s a hint: The company said its average subscriber has been
paying them for 13 years. Tagged with: accounting, advertising, AOL, Arianna
Huffington, ATD Facebook, dial-up, earnings, Huffington Post, IPO,
subscribers, TechCrunch, Tim Armstrong, Twitter Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version