WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Jason Del Rey ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @DelRey Recent
Posts by Jason Del Rey As Amazon Reports Third-Quarter Earnings, Its Holiday
Outlook Will Take Center Stage October 24, 2013 at 7:00 am PT Tweet Share
Print JOE KLAMAR/AFP/GettyImages When eBay reported its third-quarter earnings
last week, its “cautious outlook” for the holiday season spooked both Wall
Street analysts and the wider e-commerce industry, sending its shares down
more than five percent. The company’s CFO Bob Swan warned of “dramatically
decelerating U.S. e-commerce growth,” citing comScore data that shows that the
U.S. online retail market grew just 13 percent in the third quarter, down from
a 16 percent mark in the second quarter. So, when Amazon reports its own
third-quarter earnings later today, its guidance for the fourth quarter will
obviously be taking on extra weight. On Oct. 1, the company said it was adding
40 percent more holiday workers to its distribution network than it did last
holiday season, which was largely seen as a positive sign for holiday
shopping. But, as Swan noted on eBay’s earnings call, the government shutdown
that followed over the first 17 days of this month seemed to take its toll on
shoppers’ psyche. As a result, it’s possible that the rosy picture painted by
the hiring announcement isn’t shining as bright right now. That said, Amazon
is largely in a league of its own, continually outperforming the growth of the
U.S. e-commerce industry as a whole. As such, analysts are expecting on
average that Amazon’s third-quarter revenue grew 22 percent year over year, to
$16.8 billion. Not surprisingly, Amazon is expected to once again post a loss
— nine cents per share is the estimate. But, as long as Jeff Bezos’s retail
juggernaut continues its impressive top-line growth as it enters new
categories such as art, groceries and flowers that may lead to even greater
growth, investors seem inclined to continue to boost its stock price. The
proof: Amazon lost money in 2012, as well as in the second quarter of this
year, when analysts were expecting a profit, and its stock price is still up
39 percent over the last 12 months. Tagged with: Amazon, e-commerce, earnings,
eBay, government shutdown, holiday spending, retail, shopping, third-quarter
earnings That Giant Bitcoin Crash in the Wake of China Restrictions? It Never
Happened. December 30, 2013 at 8:00 am PT This Is What It Looks Like Inside an
Amazon Warehouse (Photos) December 23, 2013 at 7:30 am PT A New Perk for
Google Employees? It Could Be Low-Interest Personal Loans. December 22, 2013
at 12:03 pm PT By Setting Debit Limits Following Target Breach, Chase Looking
Out for Itself, Too December 22, 2013 at 8:03 am PT As Amazon’s Stock Hits
All-Time High, Warehouse Issues Under Scrutiny December 21, 2013 at 3:00 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version