WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Andrew LaVallee, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal Peanut Butter
Manifesto Author: You've Got Mail, With Fewer Ads December 10, 2009 at 12:47
pm PT Tweet Share Print Brad Garlinghouse is known for the so-called Peanut
Butter Manifesto he penned at Yahoo (YHOO), in which he argued that the
company spread itself too thin. Mr. Garlinghouse joined AOL earlier this year,
and on Thursday, as the company completed its spinoff and began trading, he
fired off another memo, this time promising AOL mail customers that change is
coming: Today marks a very important milestone in AOL’s history–and future. As
we separate from Time Warner and become an independent company, we mark the
beginning of a fresh start and open the door to new opportunities. I believe
this is a perfect time for rebuilding trust, confidence and passion around AOL
and the products we bring you. I realize that–at times–over the past few
years, it’s been challenging to be an AOL Mail user. I’ve heard your feedback
and we’re going to start making changes with a renewed focus on you. We can
and will make our free AOL Mail product world class! Read the rest of this
post on the original site Tagged with: Andrew LaVallee, AOL, AOL Mail, Brad
Garlinghouse, digital, Digits, email, frontpage, Internet, memo, Peanut Butter
Manifesto, software, The Wall Street Journal, Yahoo Must-Reads from other
Websites Why Apple Should Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas, Contributor,
Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to Talk About
TED Benjamin Bratton, Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My Year With
Google Glass Mat Honan, Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris Ware,
Writer, The New Yorker The Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and Laurie
Gwen Shapiro, Contributors, Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside » About
Voices Along with original content and posts from across the Dow Jones
network, this section of AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites —
pieces we’ve read, discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from
external sites are included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines.
We link to the original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly
labeled, so it’s clear that the content comes from other websites, and for
clarity’s sake, all outside posts run against a pink background. We also
solicit original full-length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions.
Read more » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon
Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering
a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version