WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher You've Got Tim Armstrong!–His Entire First Email
to AOL Staff March 15, 2009 at 8:07 pm PT Tweet Share Print BoomTown has a
feeling that the very friendly new AOL CEO and Chairman, Tim Armstrong, is not
going to waste his time chasing down and threatening to drop-kick leakers into
outerspace. At least I hope he has better things to do! Like, you know,
turning around the troubled Time Warner (TWX) online unit. So here is his
first memo to AOL staffers, leaked to me. (Don’t go all Bartz on me, Tim,
because it won’t work anyway!) Last week, in a surprise move, the former
Google (GOOG) advertising honcho was picked to replace ousted CEO Randy Falco,
as well as President and COO Ron Grant, by Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes.
(Here’s a link to an interview I did with Armstrong last Thursday about the
new job.) Armstrong did not waste his time taking over, although he does not
start until April 7, penning a short-but-sweet email to AOL employees world-
wide. Here it is, in its entirety: From: Tim Armstrong To: US Employees; Intl
Employees Sent: Friday, March 13, 2009 9:24:54 AM Subject: Hello AOLers Hello
AOLers – I’m really looking forward to seeing you and would love to hear your
thoughts and suggestions on how to make AOL and its sister properties the most
powerful brands on the Internet. My experience online started with AOL and
I’ve followed the progress of the company for many years. From the early days
of AIM and ICQ to the modern technology of Platform-A, AOLers are responsible
for some of the most important innovations on the Internet. Although others
might see challenges at AOL, I see opportunity and people who are passionate
about making great products and services for consumers. My thanks to Randy and
Ron for the work they’ve done to position AOL for the future. I hope to meet
as many of you as possible in Dulles and New York sometime next week, and I
look forward with great enthusiasm to starting at AOL in early April. Go AOL.
– TA Tagged with: advertising, AOL, BoomTown, digital, email, employee,
Google, Internet, interview, Jeff Bewkes, Kara Swisher, Randy Falco, Ron
Grant, staff, Tim Armstrong, Time Warner You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before
AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can
You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From
AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld
Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish
Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December
28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version