WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple Dividend: Bad Earnings
Band-Aid or Good Earnings Accelerant April 8, 2013 at 4:55 am PT Tweet Share
Print March 19, the first anniversary of Apple’s 2012 dividend announcement,
came and went without remark from the company, let alone the 56 percent
increase in that dividend some analysts were predicting. And now, as it heads
toward its next earnings report, scheduled for release on April 23, questions
are emerging about Apple’s intent in delaying word on its dividend. Could the
company’s silence about its capital allocation plan be an indicator of bad
earnings news in the pipeline? Is Apple planning to use news of a dividend
increase as a poultice for a share price bruised by some disappointing
financials? That’s a theory that has been growing legs in recent weeks. If
Apple were to report March results below its guidance on April 23, bundling
those numbers with an increase to its shareholder dividend could take some of
the sting out of them. “The lack of announcement [has] increased speculation
that the company is planning to package the good news of a new capital plan
with the bad news of the quarter or even worse … fears of a pre-announcement,”
BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk explains. “Even the contemplation that the
management team would stoop to packaging good news with weak results should be
disappointing enough to investors that have considered this company as
‘different’ and above the cosmetic games played by far too many management
teams.” Certainly a plausible theory. And it may well be that we see it play
out on the 23rd. Or not. Apple recently changed the way it provides earnings
forecasts, moving from a conservative point estimate of results that it had
reasonable confidence in achieving to a range of guidance that it feels it’s
likely to achieve. And that’s the big wild card in the company’s next earnings
report. If that shift in guidance succeeded in lowering analysts’ expectations
to a more reasonable level for the March quarter, it’s entirely possible that
Apple will meet them — assuming that it meets its own forecast. Note that
Apple’s guidance for the quarter it will soon report was for $41 billion to
$43 billion, and there are a few analysts calling for it come in below that.
So, if Apple reports in that range — or surpasses it — it’s good news. And if
it announces a dividend at the same time? Well, that’s very good news, indeed.
It’s just the sort of propellant Apple’s share price needs right about now.
And something very different from the “cosmetic game” some folks fear the
company will play. Tagged with: Apple, BTIG, dividend, earnings, guidance,
range, Tim Cook, Walter Piecyk Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s
iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December
30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013
at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29,
2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December
28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version