Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Biotechnologies and Collaborators to Present Data Demonstrating High-
Throughput Sequencing for Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) is More Sensitive
than Flow Cytometry and Can Be Used as a Determinant of Early Response to
Therapy 06/10/2016 SEATTLE, Wa., June 10, 2016 – Adaptive Biotechnologies, the
leader in combining next-generation sequencing (NGS) and expert bioinformatics
to profile T- and B-cell receptors of the adaptive immune system, and
collaborators will be presenting five studies demonstrating how Adaptive’s
high-throughput sequencing platform enables diagnosis, detection and
assessment of prognosis in hematological malignances and has increased
sensitivity over flow cytometry. These data will be presented at the 21st
Congress of the European Hematology Association (EHA) in Copenhagen, Denmark,
June 9-12, 2016. Highlighted data include a study by Ilan Kirsch, MD (Adaptive
Biotechnologies), et al., demonstrating the use of immunosequencing of
peripheral blood from ALL patients to assess MRD in which bone marrow was
hypocellular. In these patients, immunosequencing of peripheral blood was more
sensitive than traditional flow cytometric analysis in the bone marrow.
Another study by Dr. Kirsch, et al., demonstrated the use of high-throughput
sequencing as a measure of early response to therapy in childhood Acute
Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL). In this study, assessment of MRD using
immunosequencing correlated with both outcome and event-free survival. A study
by Dr. Hiroyuki Takamatsu (Kanazawa University), et al., compared the
prognostic value of MRD using flow cytometry and immunosequencing on
autografts of multiple myeloma patients, and revealed that patients who were
MRD negative by immunosequencing tended to have better progression-free
survival. “These data further demonstrate the breadth of our immunosequencing
technology’s applicability in hematological malignancies and the potential to
provide precise results using non-invasive sampling procedures,” said Harlan
Robins, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder of Adaptive Biotechnologies.
“Providing an ultra-sensitive, standardized method for detection, diagnosis
and prognosis for people with lymphoid cancers may also help improve patient
outcomes.” Representatives from Adaptive Biotechnologies will be exhibiting at
EHA booth #C4.210 to answer questions about its immunosequencing technology.
Oral Presentations: Abstract #S101: Improved Efficacy after Incorporating
Autologous Stem Cell Transplant (ASCT) into KRD Treatment with Carfilzomib
(CFZ), Lenalidomide (LEN), and Dexamethasone (DEX) in Newly Diagnosed Multiple
Myeloma Presenter: Dr. Andrzej Jakubowiak Date/Time: June 10, 11:45-12; Hall
A1 Abstract #S496: High Throughput Sequencing as a Measure of Early Response
to Therapy in Childhood ALL Presenter: Dr. Ilan Kirsch Date/Time: June 11,
16-16:15; Auditorium 2 E-Poster Presentations: Abstract #E854: Molecular
Detection of ALL in the Peripheral Blood is More Sensitive than Flow
Cytometric Analysis of the Bone Marrow in Patients with Treatment-Related
Hypocellularity Author: Takamatsu, et al. Abstract #E1293: Comparison between
8-Color Multiparameter Flow Cytometry and Next-Generation Sequencing to Detect
Minimal Residual Disease in Multiple Myeloma Patients who Underwent Auto-SCT
Author: Kirsch, et al. Abstract #E1148: High Throughput TCR Sequencing
Provides Added Value in the Diagnosis of Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma Author:
Kirsch, et al. About Adaptive Biotechnologies® Adaptive Biotechnologies is the
pioneer and leader in combining high-throughput sequencing and expert
bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors. Adaptive is bringing
the accuracy and sensitivity of its immunosequencing platform into
laboratories around the world to drive groundbreaking research in cancer and
other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive also translates immunosequencing
discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic development to improve
patient care. For more information please visit adaptivebiotech.com. CONTACT:
Adaptive Biotechnologies April Falcone 206-939-3835 media@adaptivebiotech.com
Previous Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies and Collaborators to Present
Seven Studies Demonstrating the Use of Immunosequencing to Identify Prognostic
Biomarkers and Potential Biomarkers of Response at the 2016 American Society
of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting 06/04/2016 Next Press Release Adaptive
Biotechnologies Provides Open-Access to the Deepest Immunosequencing Dataset
of Unique B-cell Receptors (BCRs) for Immunology Research 08/23/2016
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses