AllThingsD » MSN http://allthingsd.com Wed, 19 Feb 2014 15:45:11 +0000 en-US
hourly 1 https://wordpress.org/?v=4.3.16
http://allthingsd.com/theme/images/logo-rss.jpg All Things Digital
http://allthingsd.com/ 144 22 Skype Marketing Exec Steele Heads to Jive in Top
Strategy and Marketing Role http://allthingsd.com/20131119/skype-marketing-
exec-steele-heads-to-jive-in-top-strategy-and-marketing-role/
http://allthingsd.com/20131119/skype-marketing-exec-steele-heads-to-jive-in-
top-strategy-and-marketing-role/#comments Tue, 19 Nov 2013 21:00:10 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=373758 Elisa Steele, who has recently had top
marketing jobs at Skype and Yahoo, is joining Jive Software as its EVP of
strategy and also as CMO. Steele was recently moved to the job of corporate VP
and CMO of Microsoft’s consumer applications and services, which include Bing,
Internet Explorer and MSN, in a recent company-wide rejiggering. But she
arrived at the software giant in July of 2012 to head marketing for its Skype
unit under Tony Bates, who is now among the candidates — though one of the
longer shots — to take over for outgoing CEO Steve Ballmer. At Palo Alto,
Calif.-based Jive, a social business platform, Steele will be “responsible for
strategy, branding, end-to-end marketing functions, product marketing,
corporate communications and other go-to-market responsibilities,” the company
said in a press release. Steele has longtime experience in the sector, have
run marketing at Yahoo under former CEO Carol Bartz and also at NetApp. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20131119/skype-marketing-exec-steele-heads-to-jive-in-
top-strategy-and-marketing-role/feed/ 0 Former Yahoo and Microsoft Media Exec
Scott Moore Tapped as Cheezburger President and COO
http://allthingsd.com/20130905/former-yahoo-and-microsoft-media-exec-scott-
moore-tapped-as-cheezburger-president-and-coo/
http://allthingsd.com/20130905/former-yahoo-and-microsoft-media-exec-scott-
moore-tapped-as-cheezburger-president-and-coo/#comments Thu, 05 Sep 2013
13:45:56 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=356066 Cheezburger, the Seattle-based
humor site famous for LOLcat photos, has hired well-known former Yahoo and
Microsoft exec Scott Moore as its new president and COO. Moore will be
“responsible for extending the Cheezburger brand, as it increasingly becomes a
major player in the digital media and entertainment industry,” the company
said in a press release. He will be in charge of product, technology, sales,
marketing and account management, and will report to Cheezburger founder and
CEO Ben Huh. Interestingly, he will also become a director of the company,
best known for its I Can Has Cheezburger? site. Still, for all its attention,
Cheezburger has yet to break out big. The site said it has more than 15,000
submissions uploaded daily, but only seven million unique U.S. monthly
visitors in desktop and mobile combined. Still, Cheezburger has raised major
bucks — close to $40 million in funding — from such investors as Foundry
Group, SoftBank Capital, Avalon Ventures and Madrona Venture Group.
Presumably, Moore is charged with upping the company’s business prospects.
Most recently, Moore was at Hibu, running the digital side for a company that
offers services for businesses. Before that, he ran Microsoft’s MSN portal; he
also had been head of media at Yahoo. Moore was also president of MSNBC.com
and publisher of Slate. In an interview last night, Huh said that kind of deep
digital and media expertise was the appeal of hiring Moore. “Cheezburger has
been aiming to be a mainstream entertainment destination, and it’s important
for us to have a leader who understands both,” said Huh. “It is critical that
the two sides play well together.” Moore said that he was attracted to the
humor category, and thought Cheezburger had the right mix of social, mobile
and family-oriented — read, not raunchy — user-generated content that
advertisers liked. “Cheezburger content is uniquely suited to take advantage
of mobile, and there is a lot of upside potential,” he said. “It has an
incredibly strong audience that is eager to consume even more.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130905/former-yahoo-and-microsoft-media-exec-scott-
moore-tapped-as-cheezburger-president-and-coo/feed/ 0 Jawbone Hires
Microsoft's Mindy Mount as President to Turbocharge Ops
http://allthingsd.com/20130523/jawbone-hires-microsofts-mindy-mount-as-
president/ http://allthingsd.com/20130523/jawbone-hires-microsofts-mindy-
mount-as-president/#comments Thu, 23 May 2013 17:00:50 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=324605 In a key hire, Jawbone said today that it had
hired Mindy Mount, a top corporate VP at Microsoft, as its president. The move
by the San Francisco-based maker of wireless, music and wearable devices is
part of what has been a major upgrading of its management and board. Recently,
Jawbone added Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Rob Wiesenthal of Warner Music as
directors. Jawbone has also recently done a big acquisition — purchasing
BodyMedia, a wearable health and fitness company, for $100 million. The move
comes just a couple months after it bought data and digital-design companies
Massive Health and Visere. All this expansion requires tight organizational
efforts and Mount has a lot of financial and operational experience, having
held several key jobs at the software giant. She was most recently corporate
VP and CFO at Microsoft’s Online Services Division, which includes Bing, MSN
and Microsoft Advertising. Before that she held a similar job at the
Entertainment and Devices Division, which has the Xbox, Zune and Windows Phone
units. Previous to that, Mount ran AOL’s U.K. unit, worked in strategy at Time
Warner and also was an exec at Morgan Stanley. She has an MBA from the Harvard
Graduate School of Business and an undergraduate degree from the University of
Wisconsin-Madison. In an interview today, Mount said that what attracted her
to Jawbone was the challenge of scaling the fast-growth company, which is
helmed by CEO and co-founder Hosain Rahman. “Right out of the block, I’ll be
spending time on business operations, since the scale and scope and complexity
of Jawbone has really increased,” she said. “What really attracted me to the
role is that it is a really meaty one … It’s a company with great products,
where I can come in and have real impact, because consumer electronics
companies really have to execute.” Jawbone products include Jawbone wireless
headsets, Jambox speakers and the Up personal fitness wristbands. The company
has raised a lot of funding, totaling about $210 million from such venture
firms as Andreessen Horowitz, Khosla Ventures, Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia
Capital, as well as Deutsche Telekom, investor Yuri Milner and others. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130523/jawbone-hires-microsofts-mindy-mount-as-
president/feed/ 0 NowThisNews Raises a New Round to Help Bring Pregnant Panda
Videos to Your Phone http://allthingsd.com/20130508/nowthisnews-raises-a-new-
round-to-help-bring-pregnant-panda-videos-to-your-phone/
http://allthingsd.com/20130508/nowthisnews-raises-a-new-round-to-help-bring-
pregnant-panda-videos-to-your-phone/#comments Wed, 08 May 2013 14:39:19 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=319402 NowThisNews, the startup that’s trying to
create a video news service for the iPhone generation, has raised another $4.8
million. In addition to earlier investors, who include Lerer Ventures, Oak
Investment and Bedrocket, SoftBank Capital has also put money into the new
round; SoftBank principal Nikhil Kalghatgi will join the company’s board.
NowThisNews has now raised nearly $10 million in the last year; Eric Hippeau,
Lerer Ventures’ managing director, says NowThisNews is still talking to some
strategic investors about kicking in a bit more. Danielle Morrill noted the
new round earlier this month. So that’s the money part. How’s the startup
itself doing? Just fine, said Hippeau. He said the company, which launched
last fall, has already created 300,000 videos, and that last month it
generated 20 million video streams. By comparison, HuffPost Live, Huffington
Post’s own version of a video news service, generated 48 million streams in
March. The big caveat with NowThisNews’ video stream numbers is that the
conceit behind the service is that it’s “mobile first” and is supposed to
reach a new generation of video viewers who live on their phones. But Hippeau
said that a majority of the company’s views are coming from the Web, via
syndication deals it has with outlets like BuzzFeed, MSN, the Guardian, Forbes
and the Atlantic. “They’re going through the same experience that a lot of
people who are trying to do mobile are going through, which is that you’re
going to build a mobile audience not only through mobile but from the Web, as
well,” Hippeau said. The big question is whether NowThisNews’ product, which
generally leans on quick-twitch, MTV News-style summaries, or found footage
with music overdubs, can stand out in a world where there’s a whole lot of
that stuff — particularly on YouTube, which pulls in a billion viewers a
month, and is increasingly reaching those folks on their phones, too. Here’s
NowThisNews’ take on a pregnant panda story. If you’re looking for a voice-
over, there isn’t any. But there is some explanatory text on the video’s
homepage: “‘Evolutionarily Challenged’ Panda Is Artificially Inseminated.
Dying breed can only mate once a year.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130508/nowthisnews-raises-a-new-round-to-help-bring-
pregnant-panda-videos-to-your-phone/feed/ 0 Former MySpace and NFL Digital
Exec Jeff Berman Tapped as President of Hollywood's BermanBraun
http://allthingsd.com/20130107/former-myspace-and-nfl-digital-exec-jeff-
berman-tapped-as-president-of-hollywoods-bermanbraun/
http://allthingsd.com/20130107/former-myspace-and-nfl-digital-exec-jeff-
berman-tapped-as-president-of-hollywoods-bermanbraun/#comments Mon, 07 Jan
2013 17:55:18 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=282763 Longtime digital exec Jeff
Berman is joining Hollywood production company BermanBraun as its first
president. Berman — who is no relation to BermanBraun co-founder Gail Berman —
comes to the firm from the National Football League where he has been in
charge of its Web, mobile, social and non-console gaming efforts. While there,
he worked on several new initiatives, such as its multi-party video chat for
Fantasy Football. Several years before that, he was a top exec at social
networking site Myspace, finally ending up as president of sales and
marketing, where he was in charge of branded advertising, sales operations,
entertainment, content and marketing. Efforts there by Berman included the now
defunct Web-only series “Quarterlife,” which also had a very short life on a
major network. The Yale Law School grad was also on the board of Buddy Media,
which was sold to Salesforce.com last year. He’s an interesting person, then,
for BermanBraun, which focuses on content across multiple screens, including
big branded Web sites such as Wonderwall for Microsoft’s MSN and also more
traditional entertainment shows. Its juicy-looking television series
“Deception,” for example, is set to appear on NBC this week. It now has about
130 employees, mostly working at its Santa Monica, Calif., HQ. “We needed an
exceptional leader to manage the company,” said BermanBraun co-founder Lloyd
Braun, who was once a top media exec at Yahoo. “And Jeff is someone who has
skillsets in a whole bunch of areas and an emotional intelligence that is as
important to what we do.” Braun said Berman would initially focus on his area
of expertise — digital — but that he would become more involved in the
television and movie arenas over time. BermanBraun — which considered raising
funding last year — is at an interesting juncture in its development, trying
to form a new kind of independent Hollywood media company that straddles
analog and digital. Berman said he was attracted to the opportunity there. “I
had a great job, since there is nothing bigger than the NFL,” he said in an
interview yesterday. “But Lloyd and Gail have an incredible vision across
platforms for entertainment.” He added that content was just at the beginning
of development online, but was finally poised to explode with the popularity
of tablets, smartphones, interactive TV and other such devices, as well as
social and e-commerce tools. “The mind reels, there is so much that has
happened and can happen,” said Berman. “I don’t know if there is a better time
to be at such a place to create these new franchises — [BermanBraun] is a
laboratory, where stuff is actually working.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130107/former-myspace-and-nfl-digital-exec-jeff-
berman-tapped-as-president-of-hollywoods-bermanbraun/feed/ 0 Touch-A, Touch-A,
Touch Me: Yahoo's Latest New Homepage Redesign Tries Dramatic Interactive Tile
Look http://allthingsd.com/20121109/touch-a-touch-a-touch-me-yahoos-latest-
new-homepage-redesign-tries-interactive-tile-look/
http://allthingsd.com/20121109/touch-a-touch-a-touch-me-yahoos-latest-new-
homepage-redesign-tries-interactive-tile-look/#comments Fri, 09 Nov 2012
13:01:33 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=268080 Another week and yet another
new design for the Yahoo homepage is being tested out on users — this time, it
appears to be one (which you can see below) that looks a lot like Microsoft
Windows 8’s touchscreen tiled approach (which is here). After already putting
out tests in the field with infinite scrolling, a simplified logo and giving
search more prominence, the Silicon Valley Internet giant is apparently
testing an even more drastically different redesign of its key landing page —
one that seems to be aimed at being consumed on touch-responsive, non-PC
devices. As you can see from the screenshots below — which a user sent me, and
which look exactly like what many Yahoo sources have described to me recently
— the design uses big photos tiled across the top of the page. It suggests an
ethos that is reminiscent of the new approach by Microsoft, as well as many
others, such as Flipboard and Pinterest. All of these encourage users to reach
out and touch, scroll and swoosh. In fact, there are side-swiping arrows on
the new Yahoo design. Also part of the look, which is still being tweaked:
More simplified icons for various Yahoo properties, fewer text links,
additional social and personalization aspects and — perhaps most importantly —
no advertising module at the very top. That’s interesting, since Yahoo’s
homepage is a big moneymaker for the company, because of its huge daily
traffic. Thus, any new homepage design will have both massive consumer and
financial impact on the company. Sources said that one possible plan is to
move from several 300 by 250-sized ad units to a single 300 by 600, which
other sites like AOL have shifted toward. Such a change will not be without
controversy for marketers. It will also present a fresh selling challenge for
new COO Henrique De Castro, who arrives at Yahoo from Google next week, and
who will be helming sales efforts. (Hey, Henrique — get ready for my upcoming
360-degree profile of you!) The latest redo is now being iterated under the
regime of new CEO Marissa Mayer, under an awfully confident codename, Project
Homerun. We’ll see if it is San Francisco Giant’s Panda-worthy, but sources
said it is set to be released widely within the next two months. But, while
some new designs that have surfaced have been closer to the current version of
Yahoo, the latest design is a more significant shift that would clearly lend
itself well to mobile touchscreens, especially on increasingly popular
tablets. Along with Pinterest, Flipboard and Windows 8, other sites have done
this, of course, most particularly pioneering content design done several
years ago by BermanBraun’s Wonderwall for Microsoft’s MSN portal. That’s no
surprise, since Mayer declared in a recent earnings call — articulating what
many desktop-trapped Silicon Valley Internet giants have also done recently —
that Yahoo was going to also veer toward a “mobile first” sensibility. “Yahoo
will have to be a predominantly mobile company,” she said in the third-quarter
earnings call. Here’s what that seems to mean for Yahoo, with the new homepage
images, as well as one of the current one to compare: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121109/touch-a-touch-a-touch-me-yahoos-latest-new-
homepage-redesign-tries-interactive-tile-look/feed/ 0 MSN Gets Major Refresh
With Windows 8 http://allthingsd.com/20121001/msn-gets-major-refresh-with-
windows-8/ http://allthingsd.com/20121001/msn-gets-major-refresh-with-
windows-8/#comments Mon, 01 Oct 2012 16:23:54 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=255765 In a blog post today, Microsoft said its MSN
portal will be getting a “ground up” redo with the launch of Windows 8 and
Internet Explorer 10. “It opens up a new class of opportunities for us to
reimagine all of our products and services including MSN,” said MSN GM Bob
Visse in a post. “We thought deeply about how you could interact with MSN in
an increasingly touch and tablet-friendly world.” The new look — MSN for
Windows 8 — will be available on October 26, but here’s a nice video about it
for now: Video: The All New MSN for Windows 8 ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20121001/msn-gets-major-refresh-with-windows-8/feed/ 0
Microsoft and NBC Call It Quits, for Real: Here's the MSNBC.com Divorce Filing
http://allthingsd.com/20120715/microsoft-and-nbc-call-it-quits-for-real-heres-
the-msnbc-com-divorce-filing/ http://allthingsd.com/20120715/microsoft-and-
nbc-call-it-quits-for-real-heres-the-msnbc-com-divorce-filing/#comments Mon,
16 Jul 2012 01:46:54 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=230129 The MSNBC.com
divorce hasn’t gotten quite as much ink as Tom and Katie, but it’s certainly
been well–covered. Now both sides are making it official. Official statements
below, but here are the relevant details: *Microsoft and NBC created MSNBC as
a joint venture all the way back in 1996, in an era when NBC was owned by GE,
and Microsoft was the world’s most powerful technology company. NBC took back
control of the TV network in 2005. Now Comcast’s NBC also gets the Web site,
which it will rebrand as NBCNews.com. *No financials disclosed. (Update:
Microsoft gets $300 million for its 50 percent stake, says the NYT’s Brian
Stelter.) *NBC gets full control of MSNBC, but also gets a commitment from
Microsoft to keep featuring the site’s content via MSN, which will be crucial
to sustaining its traffic. *Microsoft, meanwhile, will no longer be bound by
an exclusivity agreement with NBC, so it can play around with other news
sources (assuming it is interested in playing around with other news sources).
*The MSNBC.com team stays in Seattle for now, but most of the operation will
eventually move to NBC’s New York base. Within NBC’s org chart, MSNBC.com gets
folded into a new tent called “NBC News Digital,” to be overseen by newish
hire Vivian Schiller. Here’s NBC’s statement: NBC NEWS ACQUIRES FULL OWNERSHIP
OF MSNBC DIGITAL NETWORK Leading Television News Organization Takes Control of
its Digital Businesses to Become An Integrated Multi-Platform News Provider
Current msnbc.com Site Becomes NBCNews.com; MSNBC TV Gets New Home on the Web
in 2013 NEW YORK, NY—July 16, 2012—NBC News President Steve Capus announced
today that NBC News is now the full owner and operator of Msnbc Digital
Network, which includes msnbc.com,TODAY.com, NightlyNews.com,
BreakingNews.com, Newsvine.com, EveryBlock.com, and the existing apps and
digital extensions of these respective properties. On July 13, 2012,
NBCUniversal, the parent company of NBC News, acquired from Microsoft its 50
percent share of the joint venture that was formed in 1996. All of NBC News’
digital businesses, including the Msnbc Digital Network properties,
theGrio.com, NBCLatino.com, EducationNation.com, social media and all of the
network’s digital initiatives will combine to form a new division entitled NBC
News Digital. Under the NBC News umbrella, NBC News Digital joins the news
network’s television properties including “TODAY,” “NBC Nightly News,” “Meet
the Press,” “Dateline” and “Rock Center”; its cable arm, MSNBC TV; its radio
and mobile arms, NBC News Radio and NBC News Mobile; its educational arm, NBC
Learn; its production arm, Peacock Productions; and over 200 of its local
affiliate stations across the country. As part of the transition, the current
msnbc.com site will become NBCNews.com, and the site will continue to provide
users with the highest quality news and information from the network’s trusted
on-air and online journalists, editors and producers. NBCNews.com will also
provide access to a new, expanded and higher-quality local news experience by
partnering with NBC’s Owned Television Stations—providing users a wide
offering of local, regional, national and international news. MSNBC TV will
launch a new digital home in 2013. The digital presence will be an extension
of the MSNBC TV on-air brand, creating in-depth content and a community for
the passionate audiences of MSNBC programs. Until then, MSNBC TV’s digital
content will continue to be available on its current platforms. Msnbc Digital
Network properties will be fully incorporated into NBC News’ current
operational structure, and some staff will be co-located at NBC’s headquarters
in New York in order to create unified multi-platform teams and promote the
sharing of resources and cross-platform reporting between the network’s
broadcast and digital properties. NBC News plans to keep a substantial
presence in the Seattle area, building what will become the “NBC News
Innovation Center.” This center will focus on digital innovation and
technology and incubate new ideas for NBC News and NBCUniversal. As the teams
begin to combine, NBC News will continue to invest in the growth of its
digital businesses, focusing on a model of user engagement through social
networks, and creating more premium content with an emphasis on video. “When
msnbc.com launched over 15 years ago, it set the standard for how people
consume news online—creating trends and leading the marketplace. Today, NBC
News enters a new phase of its history better positioned to compete and grow
in a digital environment, as well as deliver consumers and clients a multi-
platform news experience unlike anything else in the industry.” said Capus.
“We’d like to thank Microsoft for everything they’ve done for this partnership
and for helping us build these properties into what they are today.” In the
coming years, MSN will remain an important distribution partner for
NBCNews.com, featuring NBC News links to content on the MSN homepage and other
properties. “After years of working together with NBC to successfully build
msnbc.com into a leading online news outlet, we are excited to explore future
innovations, relationships and opportunities that will continue to provide the
most relevant news and conversations at MSN,” said Bob Visse, general manager
of MSN. “We are looking forward to seeing how the msnbc news team thrives
under NBC, and we will continue to feature the great stories from NBC News as
well as expand our news offerings to best serve the evolving interests of our
broad global audience.” NBC News Digital will be overseen by Vivian Schiller,
SVP & Chief Digital Officer of NBC News. Charlie Tillinghast will continue to
oversee the legacy Msnbc Digital Network properties reporting to Schiller. The
current NBC News Digital team will now report to Marianne Gambelli, President
of NBC Network Ad Sales, and work closely with John Kelly, Executive Vice
President of NBC News Ad Sales. “This deal represents so many opportunities
for NBC News, including the ability to better align television with digital,
innovate around how we deliver content to consumers, and fully integrate
digital into everything that we do,” said Schiller. “Through this new
structure, we’ll grow by engaging users with our content directly, and on
every platform. This is a different model from the rest, and given where the
future of online news is trending, we see it as a model with staying power.”
And here’s Microsoft’s, posted to its MSN blog. Microsoft and NBC Discontinue
Joint News Venture Msnbc MSN and Bing to Deliver Innovative Real-Time News
Today we are announcing the divestiture of Microsoft’s 50 percent share in
Msnbc.com to our partner in that joint venture NBC. Since we formed Msnbc.com
it has become a leader in the online news industry – and we couldn’t be more
proud of the terrific team that delivers news every day to the millions of
readers on MSN. As part of this transaction, Msnbc will be fully owned and
operated by NBC. The agreement we reached with NBC releases Microsoft from its
exclusivity with NBC, which will allow us to not only continue featuring
content from NBC on MSN as we do today, but also provide Microsoft new
flexibility to deliver fresh and innovative news products across Bing and MSN.
The pace, frequency and ways people are consuming news has changed
dramatically over the past few years. People expect to see multiple
perspectives and sources when they consume news, and they expect to receive
news in real time 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. These changes couple with the
explosion of social sharing presents a tremendous opportunity to add value to
an increasingly noisy media landscape. With today’s announcement, we will be
able to provide a broader perspective on what’s happening in the world by
offering more original and third-party content for the new Bing News app for
Windows 8, a cornerstone application and entry point for search on our latest
operating system. In the fall, we will be delivering a new MSN news
experience. It will be singularly focused on online consumers, harnessing
real-time signals produced by social networks using the power of search to
deliver breaking updates based on relevant topics. MSN will utilize advanced
technologies to mine real-time information from the web to keep users
constantly up to date and in the know on the latest breaking news and trends
across the Internet. The result for MSN users will be more news sources, more
perspectives, and more real-time time news. MSN will focus on creating a
world-class news experience targeted to today’s online news consumers. With
MSN’s massive reach of more than 520 monthly unique visitors, and Bing’s
product roadmap, we are as excited about what the future as we ever have been.
Bob Visse, General Manager, Microsoft Online Services Division ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120715/microsoft-and-nbc-call-it-quits-for-real-heres-
the-msnbc-com-divorce-filing/feed/ 0 Microsoft Writing Off Nearly All of the
$6.3 Billion It Paid for aQuantive http://allthingsd.com/20120702/microsoft-
writing-off-nearly-all-of-the-6-3-billion-it-paid-for-aquantive/
http://allthingsd.com/20120702/microsoft-writing-off-nearly-all-of-
the-6-3-billion-it-paid-for-aquantive/#comments Mon, 02 Jul 2012 20:43:07
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=226936 Image via ARENA CreativeMicrosoft said
on Monday that it is taking a $6.2 billion non-cash charge to account for its
disappointing 2007 acquisition of Internet advertising firm aQuantive. That’s
a huge charge — but even more significant when one considers what Microsoft
paid for aQuantive: $6.3 billion. “While the aQuantive acquisition continues
to provide tools for Microsoft’s online advertising efforts, the acquisition
did not accelerate growth to the degree anticipated, contributing to the write
down,” Microsoft said in a statement. Microsoft noted that its Bing market
share has been growing as has the amount of revenue it gets per search.
Nonetheless, Microsoft said that “while the Online Services Division business
has been improving, the company’s expectations for future growth and
profitability are lower than previous estimates.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120702/microsoft-writing-off-nearly-all-of-
the-6-3-billion-it-paid-for-aquantive/feed/ 0 Exclusive: BermanBraun Buys Most
of Shelby Bonnie's Whiskey Media http://allthingsd.com/20120315/exclusive-
bermanbraun-buys-most-of-shelby-bonnies-whiskey-media/
http://allthingsd.com/20120315/exclusive-bermanbraun-buys-most-of-shelby-
bonnies-whiskey-media/#comments Thu, 15 Mar 2012 16:30:32 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=186692 In a deal that was just signed, longtime
Silicon Valley exec Shelby Bonnie has sold his social publishing start-up,
Whiskey Media, to Santa Monica-based entertainment and interactive production
company BermanBraun. As part of the deal, BermanBraun will get three key sites
of San Francisco-based Whiskey, including video entertainment-focused
Screened, tech-testing site Tested, and Anime Vice, which covers anime and
manga comics. It will also acquire Whiskey’s content-publishing platform. Two
other sites owned by Whiskey — games-oriented Giant Bomb and comic-book
database Comic Vine — will be sold to another media company, which is rumored
to be CBS Interactive. Heaped on top of the niche content, aimed at passionate
fans, Whiskey mixes in a lot of social networking, as well as user-generated
content, along with its professional fare. Terms of the deal were not
disclosed. But the major reason for the acquisition is that BermanBraun —
which also makes popular sites for large portals such as Microsoft’s MSN (the
Wonderwall celebrity site and Glo, aimed at the women’s lifestyle arena) and
AOL (upcoming sites on weather, men and pets) — needs to be able to scale its
online content production. The Whiskey platform should be able to allow it to
more easily grow and create new sites more quickly, as well as mine data
across them. “With the addition of Whiskey’s first rate team and powerful,
state of the art publishing, data and social tools platform, we will be able
to further enhance our user experience and engagement, and provide our
advertising partners with unparalleled data insights,” said Lloyd Braun and
Gail Berman, who run BermanBraun, in a statement. “One of the other great
parts of this acquisition is that we will have Shelby Bonnie in our lives. We
have enormous respect for Shelby personally and professionally, and his
insights, relationships and acumen will be invaluable to us.” Bonnie, who was
once CEO of CNET, which he helped found, added: “I have had the pleasure of
knowing both Lloyd and Gail for years and they are two incredibly high
integrity people who bring passion and creativity to the interactive space. As
we see a dramatic changes in the whole media landscape, success will demand
new skills and talents. BermanBraun’s content skills and vision joined with
the Whiskey platform will create a combination that I believe is without
equal. I couldn’t be more excited for the combination.” Here is a video
interview I did with Bonnie in mid-2010 about Whiskey: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120315/exclusive-bermanbraun-buys-most-of-shelby-
bonnies-whiskey-media/feed/ 0 msnNOW Launches -- Apparently, Not Your
Granddaddy's MSN (Video) http://allthingsd.com/20120215/msnnow-launches-
apparently-not-your-granddaddys-msn/ http://allthingsd.com/20120215/msnnow-
launches-apparently-not-your-granddaddys-msn/#comments Thu, 16 Feb 2012
05:01:45 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=175123 Earlier today, I had a trendy
San Francisco tea with MSN GM Bob Visse, who came to town to talk about a new
site that the Microsoft portal is debuting tonight called msnNOW. Simply put,
it is a way to get them high-twitch youngsters to pay some mind to old, musty
portals. The site, which is offered on multiple platforms from smartphones to
tablets to Facebook, tracks the news trends from a variety of real-time
sources, and then its editors churn them out for users. Hey, lookee over here,
kids: Drinking diet soda could kill you! And a Philly bakery is charging
$55,000 for a cupcake! You get the idea — but it’s actually a lot of fun and
an interesting take, as you can see from the screenshot below of the msnNOW
page: And here’s a video interview I did with Visse about msnNOW: And here’s a
video that MSN did about the new service: Video: msnNOW Arrives Today: Know
About It ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120215/msnnow-launches-apparently-not-
your-granddaddys-msn/feed/ 0 BermanBraun to Launch Three Non-HuffPost Sites --
Including Weather -- for AOL http://allthingsd.com/20111215/bermanbraun-to-
launch-three-non-huffpost-sites-for-aol/
http://allthingsd.com/20111215/bermanbraun-to-launch-three-non-huffpost-sites-
for-aol/#comments Thu, 15 Dec 2011 16:27:24 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=154036 In a deal that was struck some time ago and is
close to fruition, BermanBraun is prepping three major Web properties for AOL
that will focus on pets, men and, interestingly, the weather. After I
inquired, AOL confirmed that the Hollywood production company — headed by
former Yahoo and ABC exec Lloyd Braun and former Paramount exec Gail Berman —
will debut the trio of sites around March. The new sites will use rich
features and a slick design to attract premium advertisers. The pair will
jointly sell the advertising, but the sites themselves will be operated by
BermanBraun in cooperation with AOL’s media unit, the Huffington Post Media
Group. The deal was struck in late 2010, before AOL bought the Huffington Post
for $300 million in January of this year. While AOL has partnered with many
outside sites, this will be the most prominent one since that acquisition.
Since then, much of the new content development on AOL has been aimed at
drastically increasing the number of sites with that brand. There have been
more than two dozen of those since March. In this case, the Huffington Post
Media Group, run by Arianna Huffington, has typically either created new topic
sites or relaunched old AOL ones. This week, for example, the company
rejiggered AOL TV as HuffPost TV, as well as announcing El Huffington Post, an
international Spanish-language version of the Huffington Post that will debut
in early 2012, in partnership with El País. The BermanBraun effort, though, is
more independent and large-scale. It will feature extensive video and heavy
use of imagery. Huffington Post will be involved in editorial selection, and
has been working closely with the firm on incorporating social elements. “It’s
been a very dynamic and collaborative partnership — we’ve worked together on
everything from design to picking the editors,” said Roy Sekoff, founding
editor of the Huffington Post Media Group, about the arrangement. “BermanBraun
brings a distinctive approach to their sites, and we’ve helped infuse that
with our focus on real-time, social, and building community.” Sekoff declined
to give more details, such as the names of the sites. (They won’t be HuffPost
Pets, HuffPost Weather and HuffPost Dudes, though!) Pets could be a strong
category if done in a new way, especially if designed with new tablet devices
in mind. And weather, to my mind, is a sleeper category if reimagined freshly.
BermanBraun — which also develops television shows and movies — has a lot of
experience in the online content arena. It has previously created Web sites
for Microsoft’s MSN unit, including the high-profile celebrity site
Wonderwall. It will be interesting to see how the collaboration turns out. In
the meantime, here’s my favorite weather song — Lena Horne rules! — to enjoy
until the three sites launch: ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20111215/bermanbraun-
to-launch-three-non-huffpost-sites-for-aol/feed/ 0 The Rise of Google, the
Ascent of Facebook and the Decline of Everyone Else
http://allthingsd.com/20111205/the-rise-of-google-the-ascent-of-facebook-and-
the-decline-of-everyone-else/ http://allthingsd.com/20111205/the-rise-of-
google-the-ascent-of-facebook-and-the-decline-of-everyone-else/#comments Mon,
05 Dec 2011 20:33:08 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=150444 If you pay the
slightest bit of attention to Internet advertising, you know this. But it’s
always good to see it spelled out: Look how ginormous Google is! This
exclamation point comes courtesy of Zenith Optimedia, via its new (scaled
back) ad forecast today. It pegs Google’s share of the overall Web ad market
at 44 percent, a number that has been steadily increasing for years, with the
exception of a one-year hiccup in 2009. The other takeaways are also old news:
Microsoft, Yahoo and AOL are foundering and have been for years (hence their
new alliance). And Facebook is starting to generate a real ad business — as
opposed to just a very sticky Web site. And based on everything we’ve heard
this year, the 2011 column will look just like the ones preceding it. Except
it might show even steeper gains for both Google and Facebook, given the moves
both are making (YouTube and display ads for Google, new tricks like
“Sponsored Stories,” plus the overwhelming attractiveness of an 800 million
user base for Facebook). Quite reasonable to assume the two of them will end
this month with more than 50 percent of global spending. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20111205/the-rise-of-google-the-ascent-of-facebook-and-
the-decline-of-everyone-else/feed/ 0 eBay Adds Former Microsoft Employee Ken
Moss to Its Executive Team http://allthingsd.com/20111128/ebay-adds-former-
microsoft-employee-ken-moss-to-its-executive-team/
http://allthingsd.com/20111128/ebay-adds-former-microsoft-employee-ken-moss-
to-its-executive-team/#comments Tue, 29 Nov 2011 01:54:36 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=147835 EBay has appointed Ken Moss to the position of
VP of technology and science for the Marketplaces services team. Moss will
report to eBay’s CTO Mark Carges and be responsible for managing and
developing the back-end buyer and seller experience on eBay’s marketplace,
where items are auctioned off or sold new for full price. Most recently, Moss
co-founded CrowdEye, a start-up focused on search technology. While CrowdEye’s
Web site has been taken down, it’s expected that its co-founder (and Moss’s
wife) Becca Moss will continue working on the technology, which was once being
described as a Twitter search engine. Prior to CrowdEye, Moss spent 20 years
at Microsoft, where he started and led the Bing search technical team. He also
worked on MyMSN, MSN Money and other parts of MSN. Over the past year, eBay
has been redesigning its site to simplify the user experience and to offer
both items sold at auction or for full price. In the past few months, it has
hired a number of new executives to fill several roles to complete the
turnaround. Moss will presumably assist with those goals in a more behind-the-
scenes technology role. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20111128/ebay-adds-former-
microsoft-employee-ken-moss-to-its-executive-team/feed/ 0 Ex-MSN Head Moore
Joins Yell Group http://allthingsd.com/20111025/ex-msn-head-moore-joins-yell-
group/ http://allthingsd.com/20111025/ex-msn-head-moore-joins-yell-
group/#comments Tue, 25 Oct 2011 16:05:59 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=136547 We knew Microsoft veteran Scott Moore was
leaving his job as head of the MSN portal, and now we know where he’s landed:
Yell Group, the U.K. yellow pages and marketing outfit. Moore will take the
newly created job of chief digital officer, targeting products to small and
medium-size businesses. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20111025/ex-msn-head-moore-
joins-yell-group/feed/ 0 Exclusive: MSN U.S. Head Scott Moore to Depart Portal
http://allthingsd.com/20111020/exclusive-msn-u-s-head-scott-moore-departs-
portal/ http://allthingsd.com/20111020/exclusive-msn-u-s-head-scott-moore-
departs-portal/#comments Thu, 20 Oct 2011 09:51:53 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=134734 Scott Moore, who runs the U.S. arm of
Microsoft’s MSN portal, will depart the company, according to sources. The
well-known content exec is reportedly headed to another job, sources said.
Moore has worked at Microsoft twice in this career — first as publisher of its
Slate online magazine. He came back to the software giant in early 2009, after
a stint at Yahoo running its media operations. At MSN, he was U.S. executive
producer, responsible for leading the content and programming strategy for the
service. Some of his most prominent initiatives were several innovative sites
with Hollywood producers BermanBraun, as well as a rehaul of MSN in 2009. What
Microsoft does next with its portal business is a big question, of course, as
it has aimed all its firepower — and gigantic piles of money — at its Bing
search service. Thus, MSN, while one of the more highly trafficked sites on
the Web, has often taken a back seat. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20111020/exclusive-msn-u-s-head-scott-moore-departs-
portal/feed/ 0 My Picks for Yahoo's Next CEO -- Maybe Snoop Dogg, Ya Digg?
http://allthingsd.com/20110907/yahoos-next-ceo-maybe-snoop-dogg-ya-digg/
http://allthingsd.com/20110907/yahoos-next-ceo-maybe-snoop-dogg-ya-
digg/#comments Wed, 07 Sep 2011 14:00:32 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=117602
The firing of Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz leaves open one of the bigger and more
difficult jobs in tech — one that has taken its toll on many. Nonetheless,
rapper Snoop Dogg stepped right up to the Twitter plate yesterday, as soon as
news broke of the ouster. Tweeted Snoop Dogg: “Im takn over as tha CEO of
Yahoo. Need sum of tha Snoop Dogg content ya digg. Nuff Said.” Not nearly
nuff! Thus, while the Yahoo board has yet to begin a search, I have already
been hard at work on selecting the next CEO. (Last time, the company took none
of my suggestions, but after the most recent result, the directors might want
to pay mind!) Sources said Yahoo is looking for an experienced Internet type,
either from inside or outside the company. “Yahoo has put its flag in the
ground as a digital media company with a technology base,” said one source.
“The job requires big buckets of expertise and needs someone who will grow the
company.” Here I go with the outsiders: Peter Chernin: The former News Corp.
exec has been eyeing Yahoo for a possible takeover with other investors. Both
Yahoo and I had picked him when co-founder Jerry Yang stepped down as CEO
almost three years ago, and he had declined the offer. This time, perhaps a
big chunk of the company and total autonomy would work, even if making a hit
like “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” is more fun. Sheryl Sandberg: The COO of
Facebook is sort of the anti-Bartz, with a smooth and efficient persona, and
she is an experienced tech exec. But the former Google exec is at a place of
growth at the social networking site, and is unlikely to want to leave the big
show, especially since a blockbuster IPO is looming. Jason Kilar: The Hulu CEO
is in the midst of the process of selling the premium video service, with
Yahoo as a bidder. While he has some tense relations with the studios, Kilar
is top notch in his dedication to consumer products, and has a lot of
experience from his stint at Amazon, too. Dan Rosensweig: Currently CEO of
IPO-headed Chegg textbook rental service, the former Yahoo exec never got a
chance to run the company as its top leader. Well-connected and still well-
liked by the troops at Yahoo, it still would be pretty hard for him to go home
again. Dave Goldberg: Sure, he’s married to Sandberg (see above), but the
savvy CEO of polling phenom SurveyMonkey is one of the sharpest thinkers in
Silicon Valley. He sold his music company to Yahoo many years ago and has a
strong background in consumer online services. Jon Miller: The chief digital
exec at News Corp. almost got the CEO spot years ago when Carl Icahn was
agitating for change at Yahoo, before Time Warner blocked him via a
noncompete. With the mishegas at the media giant, and dwindling digital
businesses there, it might be a good escape hatch for Miller. Susan Wojcicki:
The accomplished Google exec, who runs all its ad products, has the kind of
calm, cool, collected persona that Yahoo could use right about now. The search
giant was founded in her garage, and she has been a key part of its success
since then. Wojcicki is also an understated class act in hey-look-at-me
Silicon Valley. Todd Bradley: The Hewlett-Packard exec just got blindsided
when the company kicked webOS to the curb. While he is in line to run a
possible spinoff of the device business, Bradley might also want to jump out
of the frying pan into the fire. Mike McCue: The CEO of Flipboard would
certainly energize Yahoo with his intense focus on quality and consumer
delight. The news app start-up could be a good addition to Yahoo, and McCue,
the former Netscape and Microsoft exec who is well-liked in the Internet
scene, would be, too. Joanne Bradford: The former Yahoo advertising head
bolted Bartz’s regime early on to run revenue for Demand Media. Well-liked in
the ad business, she also knows where all the bodies are buried at Yahoo.
Since ads and media are key at the company, she’d make an interesting choice.
Yusuf Mehdi: The Microsoft online exec would also be a left-field candidate to
run Yahoo, given his even-keeled personality and longtime experience in the
sector. And, though pricey, Mehdi’s impact on Bing search has been important.
But he’s also been involved in the software giant’s lackluster ad and search
partnership and still has not turned around the situation at MSN. Kevin
Johnson: The former Microsoft exec and current CEO of Juniper was once slated
to be the CEO of Yahoo, had Microsoft managed to win the company in its
hostile takeover attempt. In fact, Johnson was the architect of the idea of
Yahoo running the media and Microsoft running the tech. Tim Armstrong: Well,
he might have been a good candidate before the downward slide of AOL and a
recent series of questionable judgments. If Armstrong can’t keep a loud tech
blogger in line, it’s not clear he can wrangle the Yahoo beast. And here’s the
insider scoop: Ross Levinsohn: The former News Corp. exec is running the
Americas for Yahoo, which puts him in charge of the company’s key businesses.
But he’s still struggling to turn the ad business around, and how well he does
that could be a major determinant of his success. But fantastic hair! Blake
Irving: The former Microsoft exec has an amiable nature and is well-liked at
Yahoo, but he still needs to show that the company can ship some innovative
products, and quickly. Like Livestand, the news reader, which is muchly late.
David Kenny: The Yahoo board member is now president of Akamai, which might
preclude him from the job. But the well-regarded exec — he’s a snazzy dresser,
too — ran one of the Internet’s top digital ad agencies and now has tech chops
from the content delivery network. Memo to Yahoo board: I have a million more
ideas, from former Viacom exec Tom Freston to former Yahoo board member Eric
Hippeau. Or why not bring back a passel of former Yahoos to advise, such as
former CEO Terry Semel or former president Sue Decker? Or Oprah! I hear
Winfrey will be in Silicon Valley later this week, and she has a lot more free
time now. Like Snoop Dogg, she would fo shizzle be the bomb to cover. Related
posts As Yahoo Continues to Wobble, Investors (And Board) Eye Options
Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO Carol
Bartz’s Last F%*& You — Now Aimed at Yahoo Board Yahoo’s Statement on Bartz
Ouster Wall Street Likes Bartz’s Firing — Yahoo Stock Spikes on News My Picks
for Yahoo’s Next CEO — Maybe Snoop Dogg, Ya Digg? ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110907/yahoos-next-ceo-maybe-snoop-dogg-ya-digg/feed/
0 Latest in Web Tracking: Stealthy "Supercookies"
http://allthingsd.com/20110818/latest-in-web-tracking-stealthy-supercookies/
http://allthingsd.com/20110818/latest-in-web-tracking-stealthy-
supercookies/#comments Thu, 18 Aug 2011 07:01:58 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=111484 Major Web sites such as MSN.com and Hulu.com
have been tracking people’s online activities using powerful new methods that
are almost impossible for computer users to detect, new research shows. The
new techniques, which are legal, reach beyond the traditional “cookie,” a
small file that Web sites routinely install on users’ computers to help track
their activities online. Hulu and MSN were installing files known as
“supercookies,” which are capable of re-creating users’ profiles after people
deleted regular cookies, according to researchers at Stanford University and
University of California at Berkeley. Read the rest of this post on the
original site » ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110818/latest-in-web-tracking-
stealthy-supercookies/feed/ 0 EBay Hires Ex-Yahoo Exec Don Bradford to Head Up
Social http://allthingsd.com/20110505/ebay-hires-ex-yahoo-exec-don-bradford-
to-head-up-social/ http://allthingsd.com/20110505/ebay-hires-ex-yahoo-exec-
don-bradford-to-head-up-social/#comments Thu, 05 May 2011 12:30:32 +0000
http://emoney.allthingsd.com/?p=5161 Ebay has hired Don Bradford to fill a new
position at the company in charge of leading its social commerce efforts. As
the VP of social at eBay, Bradford will head up one of the company’s four main
focus areas that it identified earlier this year. In addition to social, the
other three areas are mobile, local and digital payments. While most of those
areas have already been accounted for through recent acquisitions, including
Milo and Where–and eBay’s PayPal division–social was mostly unspoken for. We
are hearing that Bradford started at the company on Monday and will be
reporting to Dane Glasgow, eBay’s VP of global product management. A company
spokesperson declined to comment. While it’s a unclear what Bradford will be
working on exactly, the e-commerce company has been experimenting with some
social projects, including group gifts, which makes it easy for multiple
individuals to collectively chip in to pay for a gift for someone else.
Bradford is known for being a long-term Microsoft employee, having left only
seven months ago to join Yahoo. At Microsoft, he worked on Bing’s user
interface team in Mountain View, Calif., and previously worked on Microsoft
Live Search communities and MSN Hotmail. In October, he joined Yahoo as VP of
Communities as engineering lead for Answers, Address Book, Delicious, Flickr,
Groups, Koprol, Meme and Pulse, according to LinkedIn. Bradford will be based
in San Jose. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110505/ebay-hires-ex-yahoo-exec-don-
bradford-to-head-up-social/feed/ 0 Will Yahoo Be In Play Again? Here's a Few
Scenarios (That Could Be More Than Just Scenarios)
http://allthingsd.com/20110422/will-yahoo-be-in-play-again-heres-a-few-
scenarios-that-could-be-more-than-just-scenarios/
http://allthingsd.com/20110422/will-yahoo-be-in-play-again-heres-a-few-
scenarios-that-could-be-more-than-just-scenarios/#comments Fri, 22 Apr 2011
17:58:51 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=42995 One of the results of
Yahoo’s weak earnings report earlier this week has been the renewal of chatter
about possible changes in its leadership and even ownership. And continued
investor discomfort with its troubled stock price–Yahoo shares are down 7.25
percent year over year and an astonishing 49 percent on a five-year basis–and
the level of renewed grumbling by major institutional shareholders is causing
some key players to go back to their PowerPoints to reevaluate various
options. (By way of contrast, Google is down about 4.5 percent year over
year–largely due to last week’s earnings release with higher than expected
expenses–but still up more than 20 percent for the five years.) As many might
recall, last year Yahoo was under scrutiny by a number of interested
parties–from big media companies to other digital players to private equity
firms–considering a number of takeover scenarios. Most of them were just talk
and no action resulted, but that did not mean that interest went away. The
truth is, they are still out there and ruminating–this time with what sources
describe as a much more amenable Yahoo board, with several of its key members
willing to entertain any legitimate offers or ideas to improve the Silicon
Valley search giant’s prospects. In the last go-round, by contrast, Yahoo’s
top execs–including CEO Carol Bartz–denied any interest in the swirl of rumors
related to a variety of ideas. That’s definitely changed–at least at the board
level–so here are three very credible scenarios of what could happen: Peetie,
Peetie, Yahoo-Sweetie Late last year, BoomTown wrote a post about the interest
that former News Corp. COO and President Peter Chernin–who now owns his own
entertainment production company–had in the situation at Yahoo. As I wrote in
November: But multiple sources from a variety of sides said that Chernin, a
well-liked and deeply experienced media and entertainment exec, has been
contacted by a number of private equity firms and other investors about his
interest in becoming involved should any of the various and sundry scenarios
around the Internet giant pan out. And Chernin, many sources said, has
expressed a definite interest in the situation, perhaps because he was deeply
involved in a previous deal when running News Corp. At the time, it involved
combining the media giant’s Myspace social networking site with Yahoo and also
Microsoft’s portal MSN and creating a new company, code-named “TrafficCo.”
Indeed, that interest remains for Chernin, who has also been an increasingly
active investor, including in the digital sector. He is an angel funder of the
hot social media app start-up Flipboard, and also just joined the board of the
popular Pandora music service. The most likely possible scenarios have him
joining with deep-pocketed partners, including Providence Equity Partners and,
yes, Microsoft, as well as investment banks or advisory firms, such as Morgan
Stanley and Code Advisors. The approach being considered–which would only be
done in a friendly way, with the cooperation of Yahoo’s board–would center on
making a large enough investment in its shares, allowing the group to take
control of the management and the board, putting Chernin in as chairman and
maybe CEO (or with a new CEO–see next section). If Microsoft were involved–and
Chernin has strong ties there–such a scenario might include folding all its
online properties into Yahoo and renegotiating its rocky search partnership,
too. This is an idea that intrigues a lot of people–including current Yahoo
board chairman Roy Bostock, co-founder Jerry Yang and other board members–who
have indicated recently to several investors and dealmakers a willingness to
listen to credible player such as Chernin. But, in this scenario, it would be
up to Chernin and his partners to make a prosposal, said sources, and he might
decide that the complexity of getting the power to make big changes at Yahoo
is too big to tackle. In addition, Chernin remains a successful Hollywood
player, with several major television and movie projects in the works, as well
as big investment possibilities in Asia. “Does he want the headache of Yahoo
at this point in his career?” asked one person, among many Chernin has talked
to recently about becoming involved in the company. “Would you?” Maybe so, if
it would provide a big financial windfall. Many think an exec with a
reputation like Chernin’s could easily begin to move Yahoo’s moribund stock
upward quickly. ABC (Anybody But Carol) Here’s one truth: Yahoo CEO Carol
Bartz does not get proper credit for a number of moves she has made since
coming to the company two years ago, including cleaning up the messy corporate
structure, de-complexifying garbled systems, cutting costs and bringing its
far-flung operations into line. Yahoo’s stock is certainly doing better than
when she arrived in early January of 2009, when it was in the $12 range
compared to its current $16 price point. But here’s another: That stock price
now includes more than $10 in solid assets–cash and Yahoo’s much more valuable
stakes in China’s Alibaba Group and Yahoo! Japan–leaving very little true
share appreciation. And here are more truths: Bartz’s inability to get
revenues growing, innovations flowing, promising start-ups acquired and–most
importantly–to stop the continual exodus of talent out the door of Yahoo has
made her tenure shakier than ever. Add to that making its relationships with
Asian partners more tense, almost no traction in key mobile, video and social
arenas, a record of loud public declarations that have fallen flat and serious
troubles in Yahoo’s search and online partnership with Microsoft–a deal Bartz
struck and is charged with managing–recently highlighted in Yahoo’s earnings
earlier this week. As shareholder activist Eric Jackson, who has long agitated
for change at Yahoo, wrote this week in a post: “The truth is that investors
are fed up with Bartz. Their enmity towards Bartz is palpable when you talk to
them. Bartz talked a big game coming into the job and she hasn’t delivered.
It’s that simple.” Well, not that simple and maybe not fair, but it’s also
clear that no one thinks Bartz will be re-upped when her contract is up in 18
months. Thus, it’s no surprise that ideas of other possible leaders of Yahoo
are being contemplated now. Here’s the short list I have made of my choices:
Akamai President and Yahoo board member David Kenny; former Microsoft exec and
current Juniper Networks CEO Kevin Johnson; former AOL CEO and current News
Corp. digital head Jon Miller; and Nikesh Arora, current Chief Business
Officer and sales head at Google. There are plenty more to pick from, of
course, and any could be installed in conjunction with an effort such as
Chernin’s. AOL Under the Hoop No good Yahoo scenario plotting can be
contemplated without including AOL and its flashy CEO Tim Armstrong. Armstrong
has made no secret of wanting to get ahold of Yahoo properties to apply the
strategy he has been trying at AOL to get it moving again. Which is: To become
the premiere digital media company. Which is actually Yahoo’s new
motto–although arguably, in word and deed, Armstrong has been much more active
in pushing the concept and narrative. That includes his incessant acquisitions
of all kinds of online media properties, including the big fish–the $315
million purchase of the Huffington Post and the coronation of its even-
flashier co-founder Arianna Huffington as content chief. Armstrong has
certainly not been averse to the idea of a Yahoo-AOL hookup with him at the
top, and has been actively talking to anyone interested in such a deal. And
things could get a lot more interesting if AOL linked with a bigger strategic
partner, such as News Corp. or Disney or even Google, Armstrong’s former
stomping grounds. Still, wishing does not make it so, especially with a much
smaller and weaker set of assets than Yahoo and a still poor record on goosing
its advertising sales. AOL’s stock is down 30 percent year over year, as
investors still worry about Armstrong’s ability to turn the company around,
which kind of puts him in the same situation as Bartz. “AOL is waiting under
the hoop for whatever happens, which is a good place to be,” said one person
close to the situation. “Why not?” Why not, indeed–so, let the games begin.
]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110422/will-yahoo-be-in-play-again-heres-a-few-
scenarios-that-could-be-more-than-just-scenarios/feed/ 4 Exclusive: Yahoo Nabs
Microsoft Exec Brett Wayn to Help Local Efforts
http://allthingsd.com/20110404/exclusive-yahoo-nabs-microsoft-exec-brett-wayn-
to-run-local-efforts/ http://allthingsd.com/20110404/exclusive-yahoo-nabs-
microsoft-exec-brett-wayn-to-run-local-efforts/#comments Mon, 04 Apr 2011
07:26:46 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=42258 After it struck its online
advertising and search partnership with Yahoo, Microsoft tapped longtime
Internet exec Brett Wayn (pictured here) to work with Greg Nelson during the
integration. Well, Wayn must have liked what he saw at the Silicon Valley
Internet giant, since he is bouncing there from his job at the Redmond, Wash.
software giant to help run local efforts at Yahoo. [UPDATING local roles at
Yahoo.] Wayn will be working for Chief Product Officer Blake Irving and will
be responsible for product management of Yahoo’s local “horizontal.” He will
work closely with whoever Yahoo finds as a replacement for Matt Idema, a
longtime Yahoo exec who shuttled over to Facebook as a director of business
operations, working on the local arena. Luke Beatty, who heads up Yahoo’s
Americas region community and local businesses, including Flickr, Groups,
Answers and hundreds of local sites, is doing Idema’s job for now within
Americas head Ross Levinsohn’s unit. Local is a hugely hot space right now,
with a spate of Web focus from giants like Google and Facebook to powerful
start-ups such as Foursquare and Groupon. Wayn has more recently been working
on international for Microsoft’s MSN portal. The Australian native has also
worked at AOL and, interestingly, has an actual medical degree. In other
words: Paging Dr. Local, stat! ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110404/exclusive-
yahoo-nabs-microsoft-exec-brett-wayn-to-run-local-efforts/feed/ 1 Don't Rain
on Microsoft's Ad Parade (Except It's Raining in Seattle, Natch!)
http://allthingsd.com/20110330/dont-rain-on-microsofts-ad-parade-except-its-
raining-in-seattle-natch/ http://allthingsd.com/20110330/dont-rain-on-
microsofts-ad-parade-except-its-raining-in-seattle-natch/#comments Wed, 30 Mar
2011 20:10:47 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=42138 BoomTown scrambled the
All Things Digital jet (aka, United Airlines, Seat 7A) late last night to get
up to Microsoft’s big event for its online advertising clients today. Called
“Imagine 2011: Marketing Leadership Summit” and held at its Redmond, Wa. HQ,
the two-day gathering is designed to wow peeps by trotting out a spate of
strategery concepts those who buy advertising on Microsoft’s various digital
offerings from its Bing search service to MSN to Xbox to Windows Phone 7. Some
program topics: “Elsewhere USA,” “Teens Hanging Out, Messing Around, and
Geeking Out” and “Audience Buying Goes Real-Time: True or False?” Presumably
the goal of all this heavy-duty thinkery is to get these marketers to buy more
ads from Microsoft by warning them about being left behind on the platform as
the train chugs inevitably off to the digital future. And just in case that
doesn’t work, there will be a free concert tonight featuring the hipster band
Train for the Imagine 2011 attendees at Microsoft Co-founder Paul Allen’s
Experience Music Project venue to open those ad wallets. Hey, Geek Mister:
Stop sending all those digital marketing bucks to Google and Facebook and give
them to us! Before a panoply of various social, design and anthropology
experts pontificated, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer kicked off the day with his
patented loud and lovable Ed McMahon act, complete with the booming
catchphrases. Hey-Yo! “You have to move forward or die!” (About the Web.) “If
you wanna get big, you have to think big!” (About the Windows 7 Phone
smartphone deal with Nokia.) I love the U.S. government, I don’t want to give
it a hard time.” (About its crappy Web site, not the antitrust conviction
thing.) Ballmer outlined some key trends, which are not new to anyone paying
attention over the last five years: Location; social; pervasive displays;
ubiquitous connectivity; computers everywhere; cloud; data; and natural user
interaction He also joked about how there were 10 fake Steve Ballmers on
Facebook, all using Steve Ballmer photos. Imagine that! You’d think
Microsoft’s badillion-dollar investment in the social networking site would
get you a verified account! Status: Monkey boy mad! Actually, pissed off is
more related to the fact that the person who conceived and organized the
Imagine 2011 event was former global ad sales head Carolyn Everson. But, she
left the company in mid-February after only six months, for essentially the
same job at Microsoft partner Facebook. Since then Microsoft and Facebook have
been wrangling over the talent raid, including Microsoft even considering
legal action to block the move. Nonetheless, the show must go on and it did in
a pretty classy way. But not without another road bump in today’s action–the
news that Microsoft’s own marketing head, longtime company veteran Mich
Mathews, was leaving the software giant later this year. The departure had the
halls buzzing about what happened and who will be taking over the big job with
a $1 billion marketing budget. Maybe some external CMO sitting right there in
the audience or perhaps some internal Microsoft candidate such as Yusuf Mehdi
or Capossela? I suppose it’s time for some strategery stat! Until it is all
figured out, here is the music video for Train’s hit song, “Hey, Soul Sister”:
]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110330/dont-rain-on-microsofts-ad-parade-except-
its-raining-in-seattle-natch/feed/ 0 Microsoft’s Advertising Arm Still
Weighing "Do Not Track"
http://allthingsd.com/20110322/microsoft%e2%80%99s-advertising-arm-still-
weighing-do-not-track/
http://allthingsd.com/20110322/microsoft%e2%80%99s-advertising-arm-still-
weighing-do-not-track/#comments Tue, 22 Mar 2011 16:57:49 +0000
http://voices.allthingsd.com/?p=37978 The latest version of Microsoft Corp.’s
Internet Explorer includes a do-not-track tool that broadcasts users’ wishes
not to be monitored online–but that doesn’t mean Microsoft’s advertising unit
is honoring those requests yet. “Our view is that that’s an industry
discussion,” Erich Andersen, deputy general counsel for Microsoft, told
Digits. “We’re trying to take a leadership role in helping users send a signal
of their intention. But the key thing is that a definition of ‘tracking’ needs
to happen.” Microsoft Advertising serves ads based on users’ browsing behavior
as well as on Bing searches and sites like MSN. Read the rest of this post on
the original site » ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110322/microsoft%e2%80%99s-advertising-arm-still-
weighing-do-not-track/feed/ 0 Exclusive: Facebook Grabs Microsoft Global Ad
Head Carolyn Everson http://allthingsd.com/20110215/exclusive-facebook-grabs-
microsoft-ad-head-everson/ http://allthingsd.com/20110215/exclusive-facebook-
grabs-microsoft-ad-head-everson/#comments Wed, 16 Feb 2011 00:19:48 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=40821 Apparently, it’s not only in Google’s pond
where Facebook fishes for talent–the social networking giant has recruited
Microsoft’s global advertising head Carolyn Everson as one of its top sales
execs. A Facebook spokesperson confirmed the hiring, after a query this
afternoon by BoomTown. Everson will be VP of Global Sales at the Silicon
Valley company, although is likely to be located in New York. The move will
surely cause some tensions with the software giant, which is both a prominent
partner of and investor in Facebook, especially since Everson was only hired
at Microsoft last June after a long search. Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg
addressed that issue in a statement: “Microsoft was one of our earliest
partners and is still one of our most valued. We have a long and strong
relationship that includes search ads on our site, a social layer on Bing
search results and a deep and popular integration with Xbox. They are a leader
when it comes to unlocking the power of social for their already popular
products and services. We look forward to continuing to expand our
relationship with them.” A Microsoft spokesman declined to comment. Despite
the possible awkwardness between Facebook and Microsoft–hey, we stole your top
sales exec, but you rock!–the move to Facebook is a big opportunity for
Everson. But, according to sources, the former MTV Networks ad exec had become
frustrated by the intense focus on pushing traffic to Microsoft’s Bing search
service from its MSN portal at the expense of premium ad sales. In addition,
with the massive search and advertising partnership between Microsoft and
Yahoo now in place, Everson was also not able to offer search advertising from
Microsoft to marketers in packages. Yahoo is now in charge of that offering.
Everson will essentially be replacing longtime and well-regarded Facebook ad
exec Mike Murphy, who left the Palo Alto, Calif., company last fall. She will
report to former Googler David Fischer, VP of Advertising and Global
Operations. But it was COO Sheryl Sandberg, said sources, who was most focused
on Everson. In fact, she just “friended” Everson on Facebook this week, as did
another top ad exec, Tom Arrix. Having a top exec who is amenable to and well
known by Madison Avenue is key for Facebook as it ramps up its business, in
anticipation of an IPO next year. Despite being private, Facebook has recently
been valued at between $50 and $60 billion by investors, who have been eagerly
buying up shares of the company on secondary markets. Under Murphy and
Fischer, ad sales have been doing well already. Facebook’s share of online
display advertising has more than quadrupled, from about three percent to
almost 14 percent of the nearly $9 billion U.S. market, according to a recent
survey. In growing so quickly, Facebook has grabbed ad revenue–reportedly $2
billion last year–from old online powerhouses, especially Yahoo and AOL, and
is also in a big fight with Google over premium ad sales. Facebook’s surging
usage and engagement are the reasons for the increased interest from
advertisers, as well as its global growth in both market share and mindshare
of consumers. Thus, the search for a Murphy replacement was far-ranging, and
included interest in a number of prominent ad execs from traditional media
giants and also ad agencies. The appointment is a big move for the dynamic
Everson, who has mostly worked in the mainstream media for much of her career.
Everson came to Microsoft from a job as EVP of Strategy and Operations for the
MTV Networks U.S. ad sales department. Interestingly, she was also on the
short list of candidates Yahoo was once perusing to fill the key U.S. ad sales
job after Joanne Bradford departed for Demand Media. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110215/exclusive-facebook-grabs-microsoft-ad-head-
everson/feed/ 7 Bing Overlord Satya Nadella Promoted to President of Server
and Tools at Microsoft http://allthingsd.com/20110209/bing-overlord-satya-
nadella-promoted-to-president-of-server-and-tools-at-microsoft/
http://allthingsd.com/20110209/bing-overlord-satya-nadella-promoted-to-
president-of-server-and-tools-at-microsoft/#comments Wed, 09 Feb 2011 16:24:56
+0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=40569 Satya Nadella (pictured here), the
Microsoft exec who has been in charge of its Bing search effort, has been
promoted to president of its Server and Tools Business. He replaces Bob
Muglia, a longtime exec who was ousted recently in CEO Steve Ballmer’s effort
to shake things up at the company and stress the company’s technical
expertise. A 19-year Microsoft veteran, Nadella has most recently led the
engineering efforts as an SVP in the Online Services Division, which includes
Bing, the MSN portal and online advertising efforts. “Nadella brings deep
engineering and online services knowledge to $15 billion business,” said a
Microsoft press release just issued. In related news, Amitabh Srivastava, the
SVP in the Server and Cloud Division who runs its Windows Azure cloud and
Windows Server efforts, will leave the company. He was considered a leading
internal candidate for the top job in the Server and Tools Business that
Nadella got. Both internal and external execs were eyed for the job, but it’s
likely Nadella got it because of his early career in the server arena at
Microsoft, as well as his experience running one of the biggest and most
complex cloud efforts on the Web at Bing. Indeed, though his efforts were
costly and perhaps even futile, Nadella has had some success in innovating
search for Microsoft with Bing, including delivering a well-regarded and
quickly evolving product and improving market share. He also was key in
striking Microsoft’s advertising and search partnership with Yahoo. He will
have his hands full running the Server and Tools Business, which is critical
to the company’s future and its cloud computing aspirations. Microsoft said
Nadella will be in charge of strategy, engineering, marketing and product
development for Microsoft’s server, tools and cloud platform efforts. “This
includes developing the technology road map and vision to drive adoption of
the company’s products, tools and services, and delivering the company’s next
generation of cloud solutions for business customers,” Microsoft said.
Delivering such cloudtastic results will be a tall order, of course. According
to a recent post by New Enterprise’s Arik Hesseldahl: “The Server and Tools
Business is at $14.9 billion in annual revenue (fiscal 2010) Microsoft’s third
largest division behind the Windows/Windows Live Division and and the
Microsoft Business Division, both of which reported revenues north of $18
billion in 2010. On Muglia’s watch sales at STB grew more than 12 percent, and
its operating margins went from 31 percent in 2008 to 37 percent in 2010.
However, STB is nowhere near as profitable as the other two divisions:
Business Division reported operating margins of 63 percent in 2010 while
Windows saw 70 percent. Ballmer says in his memo that he’s eager to see
stronger growth from STB.” Here is the official press release, but more to
come: Microsoft Appoints Satya Nadella as President of Server and Tools
Business Nadella brings deep engineering and online services knowledge to $15
billion business. REDMOND, Wash.–Feb. 9, 2011–Microsoft Corp. today promoted
Senior Vice President Satya Nadella to president of Microsoft’s Server and
Tools Business. “We’re already making strong traction across our Server and
Tools Business by embracing cloud services,” said Microsoft Chief Executive
Officer Steve Ballmer. “Satya has deep experience in both our server business
and online services, which will help accelerate our momentum while setting the
course to deliver the cloud computing scenarios of the future.” As president
of the Server and Tools Business, Nadella will oversee the overall strategy,
engineering, marketing and product development for Microsoft’s server, tools
and cloud platform efforts. This includes developing the technology road map
and vision to drive adoption of the company’s products, tools and services,
and delivering the company’s next generation of cloud solutions for business
customers. “Our server and tools business is one of the fastest growing and
most profitable businesses at Microsoft,” Nadella said. “I see great
opportunity for Microsoft to grow the business and also lead the way in the
transformation of enterprise IT. I’m excited to work with such a high-caliber
team to chart the path for our continued success today and growth in the
future.” Nadella, 43, has been with the company for 19 years and most recently
led the engineering efforts in the Online Services Division, which includes
overseeing the technical strategy for one of the largest cloud infrastructures
in the world, spanning the company’s Search, Portal and Advertising platforms.
Nadella joined the Online Services Division in April 2007, and was
instrumental in leading the technical efforts for several critical milestones
such as the launch of Bing, new releases of MSN, and the integration of Yahoo!
across Bing and adCenter. Under his leadership, the Online Services Division
has also built a strong engineering organization by attracting some of the
most experienced technical minds from within Microsoft and across the
industry. Before joining the Online Services Division, Nadella led Microsoft
Business Solutions, which focuses on the Microsoft Dynamics line of enterprise
resource planning and customer relationship management products, and spent
several years leading engineering efforts in Microsoft’s Server Group. As
announced in January 2011, Bob Muglia, previously president of the Server and
Tools Business, will leave the company this summer. Muglia will work with
Nadella as he transitions to his new role leading the Server and Tools
Business. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110209/bing-overlord-satya-nadella-
promoted-to-president-of-server-and-tools-at-microsoft/feed/ 1