WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Checking In With Foursquare’s Dennis Crowley at Mobile
World Congress (Video) February 13, 2011 at 3:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print
Although tens of thousands of people have checked in to Mobile World Congress
in recent years using Foursquare, this is the first time that Dennis Crowley
has done so. However, the youthful chief executive said that as a big mobile
geek, he’s excited to see what all the phone makers have in store. “This is
like the South by Southwest of mobile,” Crowley said, referring to Austin’s
annual tech and culture festival. He’s also eager to meet with carriers and
phone makers to convince them to more deeply integrate Foursquare into their
devices and services. People mistakenly think of Foursquare as just a game
where people boast to their friends about all the places they have been,
Crowley said, but what underlies that is a hugely powerful database of places
filled with all kinds of recommendations and other inside information. Over
time, Crowley hopes Foursquare will be able to tap the aggregate data and
serve it up in useful ways, as well as help individuals get personalized
recommendations based on their past check-ins. One way Mobilized tries to get
a sense for the strength of the different mobile platforms is by asking time-
crunched developers how they are allocating resources. Crowley said
Foursquare, which now has about 50 employees, has three developers on iPhone
and two each on Android and BlackBerry. The company used outside partners to
create its Nokia and Windows Phone 7 apps. As for Crowley, he’s been splitting
his time between an Android device and his beloved iPhone. His well-worn phone
is covered front and back with various stickers–all the easier to pick out his
device, he says. But Crowley doesn’t have the iPhone 4, instead sticking with
the 3GS. Crowley said his colleagues all upgrade to the latest and greatest
and someone needs to make sure the service still works on older gear. “I like
to keep it one generation behind,” he said. “Someone’s got to take one for the
team.” I pressed him on the potential for dangers with all this checking-in,
including concerns about physical safety. Without trying to dismiss the issue,
Crowley noted that he’s been checking in with his location as long as
anyone–since 2000–and has yet to have anything bad happen. The worst thing
that’s happened to him, he said, is people showing up to parties uninvited.
For more from Crowley, check out the video we did in the lobby of his
Barcelona hotel. Tagged with: 3GS, advertising, Android, apps, Barcelona,
BlackBerry, checkin, database, Dennis Crowley, devices, Dodgeball, Foursquare,
location-based, location-based services, Mobile World Congress, mwc2011,
phones, Places, recommendations, Windows Phone 7 Another Longtime Windows Exec
Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT
Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December
30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up
the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile
Access to Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors
Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at
12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » The problem with the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper
collapse has always been that billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of
authority-questioning journalism that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum,
writing in the Columbia Journalism Review about the promise of Pierre
Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version