WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Video: The Pulse Boys-to-Men Talk About Huge
Growth of Visual News-Reading App March 24, 2011 at 5:20 pm PT Tweet Share
Print Today, BoomTown braved the floods and skippered All Things Digital‘s
S.S. Minnow through a Noah-like rainstorm in Silicon Valley to visit the HQ of
Pulse. Last summer, you might recall, co-founders Akshay Kothari and Ankit
Gupta of the nifty visual news-reading app got publicly picked out by Apple’s
Steve Jobs in a speech about third-party innovations on the iPad. It was a
high point for the pair of Stanford University students and newbie
entrepreneurs–except that the very same day, the New York Times slapped them
with a cease and desist for misusing its RSS feed. Dramatic, for sure, but
they have made nice with the Times since then and have also raised more than
$1 million in funding from a range of notable venture players. Compared to a
similar start-up–the social news-reading app Flipboard–that’s a very small
budget for Pulse, which was making a profit on a paid app but, since it went
free in November, it’s not making a profit now. The move–while it will require
a new business plan at some point–allowed Pulse usage to explode, hitting
three million users today from 250,000 paid users only four months ago. A lot
of that growth has been on Apple’s iPhone and Google’s Android smartphones,
rather than on the iPad tablet, where Pulse began. And, although the Android
mobile operating system was the last platform to be introduced, it is the
fastest growing one, with over one million users on it, Pulse said. Pulse
launched a 2.0 update for the iPhone and Android today, with “enhanced
performance, new content sources and improved sharing with social feeds and
news discovery features.” That means the app is speedier, has more news
offerings in more categories and a bigger dollop of social content and sharing
tools with Facebook, Twitter and other social networking companies. Pulse now
has eight employees squeezed into its small offices in downtown Palo Alto,
CA–complete with the required start-up garage door. Here’s a video interview I
did with Kothari and Gupta this afternoon, just as the sun came out, along
with one I did with them in cloudier times last June during the Times’ dopey
assault: Tagged with: 2.0, Akshay Kothari, All Things Digital, Android, Ankit
Gupta, app, Apple, BoomTown, California, category, content, digital,
Discovery, employee, Facebook, feature, Feed, Flipboard, free, funding, garage
door, Google, hardware, innovation, Internet, interview, iPad, iPhone, Kara
Swisher, New York Times, offering, operating system, paid, Palo Alto,
platform, Pulse, reading, RSS, sharing, Silicon Valley, social networking,
Stanford University, Start-up, Steve Jobs, tablet, telecom, third party,
Twitter, update, venture, video, visual You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before
AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can
You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From
AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld
Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish
Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December
28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version