Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Biotechnologies and Collaborators to Present 10 Studies Demonstrating the
Utility of Immunosequencing in Both Tissue and Blood Samples at 2016 American
Association of Cancer Research Annual Meeting 04/16/2016 NEW ORLEANS, La.,
April 16, 2016 – Adaptive Biotechnologies, the leader in combining next
generation sequencing (NGS) and expert bioinformatics to profile T- and B-cell
receptors of the adaptive immune system, along with its collaborators from
institutions around the world, will present data demonstrating how Adaptive’s
immunosequencing platform can be used as a novel oncology diagnostic to
accurately and reliably quantify the density and clonality of Tumor
Infiltrating Lymphocytes (TILs) to assess disease prognosis and response to
therapy. Two oral presentations and eight posters will be presented at the
American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting, April 16-20,
2016, in New Orleans, Louisiana. Notably, many of the data to be presented
explore the relevance of the immune repertoire in the blood as well as in the
tumor tissue. The potential to identify blood-based immune molecular
biomarkers of response to the growing class of immunomodulatory drugs may
offer clinicians a more accessible sample source for widespread benefit to
patients across many tumor types. Select data presentations of interest
include: Dr. Robert Prins, et al. from UCLA will present data showing that in
patients with glioblastoma undergoing immunotherapy, immunosequencing
identified a potential biomarker of response and overall survival (Abstract
767). Dr. Padmanee Sharma, et al. from MD Anderson Cancer Center will present
data from a prostate cancer patient cohort receiving ipilumumab and androgen
deprivation therapy correlating immune profiling data with adverse events
which led to discovery of a potential predictive biomarker of patients who are
at risk of grade 3 toxicities. (Abstract 1402). Dr. Rebecca Gardner, et al.
from Seattle Children’s Research Institute will present data on children with
acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) treated with a CART-19 therapy showing that
high-throughput sequencing of patient samples had significantly greater
sensitivity in detecting minimal residual disease (MRD) compared with samples
analyzed by flow cytometry. Furthermore, in these patients, monitoring disease
status by peripheral blood sampling is often more informative and far less
invasive than bone marrow sampling. (Abstract 4893). “These data being
presented at AACR demonstrate the utility of immunosequencing in both tissue
and blood samples as a critical component in guiding clinicians’ approach to
managing and treating cancer,” said Harlan Robins, Chief Scientific Officer
and Co-Founder of Adaptive Biotechnologies. “Ultimately incorporating
immunosequencing into a potential blood-based biomarker for use in the clinic
may help enhance the diagnosis, prognosis and monitoring of disease in cancer
patients.” Representatives from Adaptive Biotechnologies will be exhibiting at
AACR booth #2530 to answer questions about their proprietary, transformative
immunosequencing technology. Oral Presentations: Abstract #847: Molecular
characterization of breast tumor T-cell infiltration in exome datasets Date
and Time: Sunday, Apr 17, 2016, 4:35 PM – 4:50 PM Location: Room 243, Morial
Convention Center Presenter: Ricardo Armisen, Universidad de Chile, Santiago,
Chile Abstract #4362: T cell repertoire diversification is associated with
immune related toxicities following immune checkpoint inhibition in metastatic
cancer patients Date and Time: Tuesday, Apr 19, 2016, 3:50 PM – 4:05 PM
Location: New Orleans Theater C, Morial Convention Center Presenter: Lawrence
Fong, University of California, San Francisco Posters: Abstract #767: TCR
sequencing can identify and track tumor-specific T cell populations and is a
predictive biomarker of response to DC vaccination in glioblastoma patients
Date and Time: Sunday, Apr 17, 2016, 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM Location: Section 33,
Poster Board #26 Author: Robert Prins, et al., University of California, Los
Angeles Abstract #1402: Exploratory biomarkers that predict for clinical
outcomes in a Phase II trial with ipilimumab plus finite androgen deprivation
therapy for metastatic non-castrate prostate cancer Date and Time: Monday, Apr
18, 2016, 8:00 AM -12:00 PM Location: Section 22, Poster Board #3 Author:
Padmanee Sharma, et al., The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center
Abstract #1405: Vesigenurtacel-L stimulates tumor infiltration of unique
polyclonal T cell clones in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer patients Date
and Time: Monday, Apr 18, 2016, 8:00 AM -12:00 PM Location: Section 22, Poster
Board #6 Author: Melissa Price, et al., Heat Biologics, Inc., Durham, NC
Abstract #2392: Genomic and immune heterogeneity in synchronous melanoma
metastases is associated with differential tumor growth and response to
therapy Date and Time: Monday, Apr 18, 2016, 1:00 PM -5:00 PM Location:
Section 28, Poster Board #22 Author: Jennifer A. Wargo, et al., MD Anderson
Cancer Center, Houston, TX Abstract #4159: Characterization of the T-cell
receptor (TCR) repertoire in extensive disease small cell lung cancer (ED
SCLC) Date and Time: Tuesday, Apr 19, 2016, 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM Location:
Section 31, Poster board #26 Author: Cory Batenchuk, et al., Bristol-Myers
Squibb, NJ Abstract #4903: Multimodal therapy with a potent vaccine,
metronomic cyclophosphamide and anti-PD-1 enhances immunotherapy of advanced
tumors by increasing activation and clonal expansion of tumor infiltrating T
cells Date and Time: Wednesday, Apr 20, 2016, 7:30 AM – 11:00 AM Location:
Section 23, Poster board #14 Author: Genevieve Weir, et al., Immunovaccine,
Inc., Halifax, NS, Canada Abstract #4893: Molecular detection of ALL in the
peripheral blood is more sensitive than flow cytometric analysis of the bone
marrow in patients with treatment-related hypocellularity Date and Time:
Wednesday, Apr 20, 2016, 8:00 AM -12:00 PM Location: Section 23, Poster board
#4 Author: Rebecca Gardner, et al., Seattle Children’s Research Institute,
Seattle, WA Abstract #4897: First evidence of changes in the TCRβ repertoire
from a cutaneous melanoma patient immunized with the CSF-470 vaccine. Date and
Time: Wednesday, Apr 20, 2016, 8:00 AM -12:00 PM Location: Section 23, Poster
board #8 Author: José Mordoh, et al., Centro de Investigaciones Oncológicas-
Fundación Cáncer, Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires, Argentina About the
immunoSEQ® Platform Adaptive’s immunoSEQ Platform helps researchers make
discoveries in areas such as oncology, autoimmune disorders, infectious
diseases and basic immunology. The immunoSEQ Assays can identify millions of
T- and B-cell receptors from a single sample in exquisite detail. Offered as a
Service or Kit, immunoSEQ Assays provide quantitative, reproducible sequencing
results along with access to powerful, easy-to-use analysis tools. The
immunoSEQ Assays are for research use only and are not for use in diagnostic
procedures. About Minimal Residual Disease Minimal residual disease (MRD)
refers to cancer cells that may remain in the body of a person with lymphoid
cancer after treatment. These cells are present at levels undetectable by
traditional microscopic examination (also called morphologic examination) of
blood, bone marrow or a lymph node biopsy. Sensitive molecular technologies,
such as the next-generation sequencing utilized by Adaptive’s clonoSEQ MRD
Test, are needed for reliable detection of very low levels of MRD. About the
clonoSEQ® Process Adaptive’s clonoSEQ Process enables physicians to utilize
sequencing-based minimal residual disease (MRD) detection as an aid to
clinical decision making for patients with lymphoid cancers (blood cancers).
With its ability to detect cancer cells at a level as low as one per one
million white blood cells, the clonoSEQ MRD Test is one to two orders of
magnitude more sensitive than the other methods of MRD detection, such as ASO-
PCR and flow cytometry. About Adaptive Biotechnologies® Adaptive
Biotechnologies is the pioneer and leader in combining high-throughput
sequencing and expert bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors.
Adaptive is bringing the accuracy and sensitivity of its immunosequencing
platform into laboratories around the world to drive groundbreaking research
in cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive also translates
immunosequencing discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic
development to improve patient care. For more information please visit
adaptivebiotech.com. CONTACT: Adaptive Biotechnologies April Falcone
206-939-3835 media@adaptivebiotech.com Ultimately incorporating
immunosequencing into a potential blood-based biomarker for use in the clinic
may help enhance the diagnosis, prognosis and monitoring of disease in cancer
patients. Harlan Robins Previous Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies
Welcomes Charles Sang as Senior Vice President of Diagnostics 04/11/2016 Next
Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies to Present 2 Studies Demonstrating
Utility of Immunosequencing to Propel Diagnostic Development and Therapeutic
Discovery at the 2016 American Association of Immunologists Annual Meeting
05/14/2016 Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune
Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE
SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG
DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy
Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story
Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All
Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy
HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses