Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Partnerships
Antigen Map Submit Samples ANTIGEN MAP Mapping the immune system to build a
universal diagnostic Adaptive has partnered with Microsoft Healthcare NExT
initiative to map and decode the human immune system, nature’s most finely
tuned diagnostic. We are building an interactive map that links trillions of
T-cells with the millions of pathogens they are specifically targeted to
attack, making the diagnosis of disease far more efficient and precise. This
will make it possible to read what an immune system has fought or is currently
fighting, with the goal of creating a better diagnostic for all diseases—from
cancer to autoimmune conditions to infectious diseases. As part of this
collaboration, we are seeking partnerships for sample sets that can be mined
for disease-associated TCRs, on the scale of 100s to 1000s of samples, in the
disease areas mentioned above. Contact us Learning to decode the immune system
to diagnose disease Blood sample The immune system is nature’s most finely-
tuned diagnostic, providing a fingerprint of a person’s health in their blood
Immunosequencing We read immune signatures that store the diagnostic
information Machine learning We generate a map of the immune system by
matching trillions of T cells to the diseases they recognize Empowering care
This map of the immune system map be used by doctors and researchers to
improve disease diagnosis This landmark collaboration is a cornerstone of the
Microsoft Healthcare NExT initiative, and the first and only biotech and tech
effort focused on revealing and translating insights about the immune system
into actionable tools for clinicians. The core of the Antigen Map is the
biological data and models derived from Adaptive’s high-throughput, patented
sequencing and antigen-mapping technologies (immunoSEQ and MIRA, respectively)
to determine all possible T-cell receptors that bind to clinically relevant
antigens across diseases. A proof-of-concept for this initiative was published
in Nature Genetics (Emerson, et al. Nat Genet. 2017), demonstrating our
ability to identify TCRs capable of diagnosing cytomegalovirus (CMV). Now we
are working to expand this effort to develop diagnostic tests in other
diseases, with the vision of ultimately developing a universal diagnostic test
based on the breadth of knowledge within the adaptive immune system. After one
year in partnership, Adaptive and Microsoft have made enormous strides in
building the infrastructure to solve this biological puzzle. We have partnered
closely and converged the distinct capabilities of each of our teams to an
unprecedented degree. Additionally, we have made public our initial disease
areas of focus, including but not limited to: Hematology/ Oncology Pancreatic
Cancer Ovarian Cancer Autoimmune/Inflammatory Disease Type 1 Diabetes Celiac
Disease Infectious Disease Lyme Disease And More Other diseases with unmet
need for a blood-based diagnostic CONTRIBUTE TO THE ANTIGEN MAP PROJECT Submit
your patient samples Submit samples Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667
Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses