WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Google Barge Conspiracy
Theories: Zombies … Or Maybe a Single Dove October 31, 2013 at 11:15 am PT
Tweet Share Print Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesOkay, first let’s rule a few
things out: Those floating structures off the East and West coasts reportedly
being built by Google are probably not self-driving barges or housing for
interns. Whatever their purpose — Google isn’t saying, nor is the Coast Guard,
which had to sign a nondisclosure agreement when it visited the one in San
Francisco Bay on Wednesday — they’re generating intense interest in the cities
off which they’re docked. So, what might they be used for? There are two
prevailing theories: A seawater-cooled, water-based data center. Google has a
patent on just such a facility, and a good rationale for building it. From the
2009 patent: “A military presence may be needed in an area, a natural disaster
may bring a need for computing or telecommunication presence in an area until
the natural infrastructure can be repaired or rebuilt, and certain events may
draw thousands of people who may put a load on the local computing
infrastructure. Often, such transient events occur near water, such as a river
or an ocean. However, it can be expensive to build and locate data centers,
and it is not always easy to find access to necessary (and inexpensive)
electrical power, high-bandwidth data connections, and cooling water for such
data centers.” A floating retail store for Google Glass. Google’s first foray
into wearable computing is nearing commercial launch, and the company has said
it wants to sell Glass in a manner that enhances the experience of using it.
What better way to do that than on some sort of floating store with sweeping
ocean views? As Kelly Liang, director of business development for Glass, said
last year, “The worst place to demo Glass is in a conference room.” Those are
the two most widely held theories, and the ones that seem the most plausible.
But there are certainly others. Perhaps these barges are the next phase of
Google’s core business: Amphibious Data Collection and Ad-Serving Vehicles. Or
maybe they’re simply storage for those unsold, unshipped Nexus Q devices. An
MMA fighting arena for employee off-sites? Windowless Google+ hangouts?
Twenty-percent-time exile barges? Headquarters for Google’s America’s Cup
entry in a longstanding plan to take Larry Ellison and Team Oracle to the mat?
Storage for whatever was in Marsellus Wallace’s briefcase? An ark? A very
savvy publicity stunt? Asked for his Google barge theory, Greylock partner
John Lilly put forth perhaps the best one of all: “They’re full of zombies …
Or maybe a single dove.” And here are a few more fantastic theories from Jon
Stewart’s Daily Show: Tagged with: Amphibious Data Collection and Ad-Serving
Vehicle, barge, datacenter, Google, Google Glass, Nexus Q, zombies Late Start
May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am
PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for
Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter
for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25
Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version