WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Aereo Celebrates a Court Victory With Clever Marketing:
Free Web TV for an Hour, or a Dollar for a Day August 2, 2012 at 7:02 am PT
Tweet Share Print Fresh off the heels of a court victory, Barry Diller’s
Aereo* is ramping up its marketing push with a clever new pricing scheme: The
TV-on-the-Web service is rolling out new plans that will let users sample the
service for free, buy it for a single day, or lock in for a year. You can see
the new grid at the bottom of the post. By far the most important things here
are the free hour-a-day option, and the one-dollar, one-day pass. Both are
obviously great ways to get consumers to sample the new service, and the free
option doesn’t require a credit card account to sign up, which removes a big
hurdle. But the dollar option could also end up being the way that lots of
people use the service, especially while its programming choices remain
constrained to the broadcast TV channels. It may not be worth $8 or $12 a
month to you to be able to watch CBS on your laptop or iPad. But there could
be lots of one-off events that make it well worth a buck to get those channels
on the go: Think Oscars, or election coverage, or football Sundays this fall.
The bigger picture is that Aereo has the ability to do any kind of pricing
scheme it wants, because it’s not constrained by any licensing agreements, and
doesn’t share any revenue with anyone. Spotify or Hulu or anyone else would
love to do this kind of thing, but they can’t without arduous/impossible
negotiations with copyright owners/investors. At some point, some of that
footloose feeling will go away — if Aereo builds out its bundle by adding,
say, the likes of Netflix, it will have to figure out a different version of
the pricing grid. But, for now, it’s a big advantage, as the company looks to
expand outside of a few thousand early adopters in New York City. [Click image
to enlarge] *To be clear: Diller doesn’t own Aereo; his IAC is an investor.
Tagged with: Aereo, Apple, Barry Diller, courts, Hulu, IAC, iPad, legal,
Netflix, Spotify, subscription, TV, Web TV, Web video Twitter Asks You How You
Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version