WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Microsoft’s New Outlook.com Email Service Having Some
Hiccups March 12, 2013 at 8:30 pm PT Tweet Share Print There appear to be some
growing pains for Microsoft with its new Outlook.com email service. Users of
the service, which left beta last month, have been getting error messages
since earlier Tuesday. “Sorry, there seems to be a problem with Outlook right
now,” reads the error message being seen by some AllThingsD readers, as well a
number of folks on Twitter. Microsoft’s message goes on to say, “We’re having
a problem accessing email. You might not be able to see all your email
messages. We’re working to restore service right now.” Joe Cassara, of Miami,
said he has been seeing the errors since 10 pm ET on his consumer Outlook.com
account, though he has had no problems with a separate Office 365 hosted
account. Microsoft said on the site that it is working on the problem, and
promised an update within a couple of hours. A Microsoft representative was
not immediately available for comment. Microsoft has signed up 60 million
people for the service, which is replacing its venerable Hotmail as the
company’s Web-based email product. Update: Microsoft told AllThingsD that it
is working to restore access to both Hotmail and Outlook.com users. “Microsoft
is investigating an issue affecting customers’ access to Hotmail and
Outlook.com, and we are working to restore full access to the service as
quickly as possible,” the company said in a statement. “For the latest
information, we encourage people to visit the Hotmail and Outlook.com status
page.” Tagged with: errors, Hotmail, Microsoft, Outlook, Outlook.com Another
Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31,
2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost
30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is
Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing
Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at
5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close
December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version