WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Is Android Really Outselling Apple? May 10, 2010 at 6:00
am PT Tweet Share Print Here’s a curveball of a data point: Android is now
outselling the iPhone. Really? Really, says NPD. The consumer research shop
says U.S. sales of smartphones using Google’s mobile operating system climbed
past Apple in the first three months of this year. Google (GOOG) nabbed 28
percent of the market, while Apple (AAPL) claimed 21 percent, NPD says. Less
surprising is that BlackBerry maker Research in Motion (RIMM) still leads the
market, with 36 percent. Here are the data in chart form: Android is the green
line with the prominent spike: NPD’s numbers come from self-reported online
consumer surveys (corporate sales aren’t included), so there’s likely some
variance between its results and actual sales data. And indeed, NPD’s numbers
look quite different from the most recent numbers from comScore (SCOR), which
showed Google with a 10 percent share in February.* Still, NPD is usually
considered a reasonably accurate estimator of retail sales, so the report is
worth taking seriously. The best argument in support of NPD’s numbers,
meanwhile, is that Google’s handset and carrier partners, particularly Verizon
Wireless (VZ) and Motorola (MOT), have been pushing their Android phones hard
in recent months. And perhaps potential iPhone buyers are in a wait-and-see
mode until June, when Apple is expected to unveil a next-generation handset.
But this explanation requires an awful lot of iPhone buyers to be awfully
savvy about Apple’s product cycle. Anyway, this isn’t necessarily terrible
news for Apple, as the company faces a possible federal antitrust probe. The
NPD number is certainly more humble than the data Steve Jobs was boasting
about last month when he noted that the iPhone had 64 percent of the mobile
browser market. *Important distinction between the NPD and Comscore data: NPD
is measuring sales, and Comscore is measuring installed base. So entirely
possible for those two data sets to sync up. More in Digits. Tagged with:
Android, Android Feature, antitrust, Apple, BlackBerry, BlackBerry Feature,
browser, carrier, comScore, consumer survey, corporate, data, digital, Droid,
Google, handset, Internet, iPhone, iPhone 3 Feature, market, MediaMemo,
Motorola, Motrola, NPD, online, operating system, partner, Peter Kafka, phone,
product cycle, Research In Motion, retail, sales, share, smartphone, software,
Steve Jobs, U.S. sales, Verizon Wireless Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter
While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24,
2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at
11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings.
December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug
December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on
Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20,
2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version