WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka No News for the New York Times: Circulation Up, Ad Sales
Down July 26, 2012 at 5:55 am PT Tweet Share Print New quarter, same news for
the New York Times. That is, the publisher says that over the last three
months it saw circulation revenue increase, and both print and digital ads
decrease. Growth in circulation was a little bit slower than the last quarter
— the Times’ core “News Media Group” saw an 8.3 percent increase, compared to
a 9.7 percent bump in Q1. But the digital ad slump was also a little less bad:
That same unit saw digital ads decrease by 1.6 percent instead of 2.3 percent.
Some of those circ gains come from the Times’ digital paywall. The paper says
it now has 532,000 subscribers, up from 472,000 last quarter. It credits some
of that rise to its decision to make it harder to read the paper online
without paying for it. The other news coming out of Times Square today is also
familiar: The publisher has big problems with About Group, the content-
generation machine that set the template for the likes of Demand Media. The
Times took a $195 million goodwill write-down on the unit, which it bought for
$410 million in 2005. But the publisher did say cost-per-click ads were
improving for About. Times chairman Arthur Sulzberger Jr. says About
“continues to execute on its turnaround strategy and we expect it to be on
track to post continued meaningful improvement in the second half of the
year.” No news on that CEO search, by the way. Update: Strike that. The NYT
talked to someone at the NYT who says the NYT board could announce the hire
“as early as September.” Tagged with: About Group, advertising, Arthur
Sulzberger Jr., circulation, content farm, Demand Media, New York Times,
paywall Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re
Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One
Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays!
Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT
Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White
Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version