WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher How to Juice AOL: A Spin-Out, Of Course, But Also
a Reunion at Dulles HQ? March 16, 2009 at 6:32 pm PT Tweet Share Print As soon
as he got his new job last week, new AOL Chairman and CEO Tim Armstrong sent
out a rather hopeful email to the troops–his first communication as the latest
leader of the ragtag online service. “I’m really looking forward to seeing you
and would love to hear your thoughts and suggestions,” wrote the former Google
(GOOG) exec Friday (who alarmingly kind of resembles this Elvis image), “on
how to make AOL and its sister properties the most powerful brands on the
Internet.” Well, one can hope! To goose that dream, although he still does not
officially start in the job until April 7, Armstrong is also addressing all
the troops tomorrow at 11 am EST and has chosen to do so from, of all places,
AOL’s old center of power in Dulles, Virginia. AOL staffers I spoke to also
hope most of all that Armstrong will quickly and transparently lay out plans
for a spin-out of the Time Warner (TWX) online unit from the media
conglomerate, where it has languished for years. “Armstrong would not have
taken the job if the plans for a spin out of AOL were not in place and it’s in
everyone’s interests to signal that it’s a go right away,” said one source
close to the situation. “The only catch is the poor economy, but even that
should not prevent Time Warner from doing what’s right to finally fix AOL.”
And sources said Armstrong could further up the ante tomorrow and help raise
the layoff-weary morale by having some former AOL execs from its glory days as
the top online player in person at the event. Several sources said one exec
most likely to make an appearance is Ted Leonsis (pictured here), one of AOL’s
most colorful top early execs and a longtime inspirational figure within its
ranks. Unlike most AOL execs from those days, many of whom were eventually run
out on a rail, Leonsis also stayed on through its disastrous merger with Time
Warner and beyond. But, like all of the Dulles complex–which was once the
bustling worldwide HQ for AOL–Leonsis finally left the company, after a
falling out with the management regime that Armstrong just hipchecked out of
power. He is now AOL’s vice chairman emeritus. Both CEO Randy Falco and
President Ron Grant moved AOL’s locus largely to New York, and minimized the
staff and influence at Dulles, where most of AOL’s products have been made
since its origins in the early 1990s. “It’s a smart move to go to [the Dulles
staff] directly first…the last regime pretty much shut them out…and that
created bitterness, when we need to be unified,” wrote one AOL insider to me
in an email. (Sidenote: As the AOL beat reporter at the Washington Post back
then, I actually went with then-PR head Jean Case to look over what became the
Dulles facility, to see if it would be a good place to expand to; previously,
AOL was located in nearby Vienna, behind a car dealership.) A Leonsis visit at
AOL will be like old home week, although some are hoping too that former AOL
CEO Steve Case could also make an appearance. He and Leonsis still make online
investments together. But that might still be deeply controversial within Time
Warner, where Case and also former Time Warner CEO Jerry Levin are widely
blamed for situation that the company found itself in when the Web 1.0 bubble
burst and AOL’s once vaunted valuation collapsed. Although Case and Time
Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes have since moved on, bygones have not been bygones
within Time Warner. And, while it is often denied by top execs, AOL has
suffered because of ill-hidden grudges, which have partly prevented it from
being revived, even as other Internet giants have been born in the interim.
Ironically, many of the current crop of shooting stars owe a lot to the
pioneering and innovative AOL products, including: its AIM and ICQ instant
messaging services, which echo an early version of Twitter; the “Buddy List,”
which was all about friending; and its deep social networking roots, with chat
rooms and profiles that were the Facebook of its day. The question for
Armstrong is: Can AOL go home again? Tagged with: AIM, AOL, BoomTown, buddy
list, digital, Dulle, Elvis, Facebook, Google, ICQ, innovation, Internet, Jean
Case, Jeff Bewkes, Jerry Levin, Kara Swisher, merger, New York, Randy Falco,
Ron Grant, social networking, Steve Case, Ted Leonsis, Tim Armstrong, Time
Warner, Twitter, Vienna, Virginia, Washington Post, Web 1.0 You Say Goodbye
and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference
Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24
pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There’s a lot of attention and PR around Marissa, but their product
lineup just kind of blows.— Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the
September issue of Vogue Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version