Home Browse Topics Series Events From Sponsors WSJ.com Search Now Playing
5/21/2013 4:00AM Omar Khan Talks Security At Dive Into Mobile Omar Khan of
China's NQ Mobile talked about mobile security onstage at the D: Dive Into
Mobile conference. Transcript This transcript has been automatically generated
and may not be 100% accurate.... the ... more on you ... aam ... I invented
for budget reasons one is doing a really interesting thing at the moment is
CEO ... of the NQ mobile which is a security company that's expanding into a
bunch of other areas but also before that ... Omar worked at Motorola and
Samsung and city and has had a really good understanding of the mobile market
is awful ... sell out looking for this for the for the deal Omar Khan ... the
... we have we have all sorts of things I think it's here spotted by playlist
doesn't appear to its Republican on ... the line to get permission I did the
stock has signed a somewhat for where ... they got ... ALM so ... you know
you've been in a lot of interesting rules a mobile company and then uttered
about a year ago was that ... aam you went to a company that I think most of
the people in the room and guessing you've not heard of ... um ... but some
tiny company so what is in. Q mobile and what made you wanna join them ...
five minutes to you when you ... get that kid that like to joke is there a PR
... its ... largest mobile security company in the world ... and no one's
heard of the study was one of things work ... out from the DNA perspective
from a technology perspective ... and from African perspective was a was
amazing ... and that and that ... the culture is outstanding the founders were
... folks and view the sauna I with and so was an opportunity I couldn't pass
up but from that ... from a company perspective it was founded eight years ago
... are focused on mobile security before Android before I O s ... I read the
Group of the Symbian platform and cut its teeth on the Symbian platform ...
built a set of technologies ... from an IP perspective that were unique ... so
today we've got to a core set of IP rights ... are crawling engine I called in
to crawl and two cents which is art ... on turf ... mesh network of users
around the world as well as ... on our wrist make out with images of ... a
comprehensive purest attention in the cloud ... I then allows us to do real-
time analysis ... of files without manual intervention ... and so that the
core DNA and security that attracted me because that ... knowing what ... I
believe is going to happen or what we believe this to happen in mobile the
next five to ten years ... up to pee for security given the money either ...
the amount of personal information and content we have on our devices is going
to get even more important over time ... but its payments health care et-
cetera ... and he was a great DNA for for us to start a company to grow the
company from figurative is fairly large roster we did ... about ninety two
million in revenue this year we had we not look bad ... I hundred AEDT of plus
or minus a chunk of that is in China where most of the company is correct now
but in our consumer business about forty six percent is in China which is one
of the smartphone market in the world ... um and so we do what headquartered
in engaging in Dallas that saw half of our tickets that in Beijing have to
Dallas now ... and I knew I we decorated diversify so ... now consumer
security and privacy is one ... of our business units up with the second
business unit now focused ... on enterprise mobility which is helping
enterprises as they ... undergo the challenges of mobilizing the power of
their workforce with its BYOD or whether it's our enterprise some liable
devices that they issue that ... I've to their employees ... the number one
concern that most CEOs were share with you secured ... and so we thought we
were not in a great spot to provide security framework within our enterprise
mobility solutions ... alongside mobile device management ... arm to
differentiate the offering and in the final one is ... a mobile gaming
advertising business which we've just entered into the fourth quarter of last
year ... so I wanna focus on scaredy cats it's an important hub and we haven't
spent that much time talking about a yet aam what it's been a little bit of
time intercession in others ... aam you this is due to report I've read a
bunch of reports from thirty countries ... here we get we should probably go
that battle is here but it seems like it I read these words ninety four
percent of mobile vulnerabilities radiant right ... aam this intolerance that
has not not everything is the these are all flaws in the operating system
sometimes it's ... euro gaps in you know ... an ... alternative path markets
... is Intrade fundamentally less secure or is it the usual thing when hackers
are just going with the opportunity has won the hackers are definitely going
with the opportunity is but I'm in Android ... that actually does a pretty
good job of of course security and it's not that ... I'm yet it's a full
octave the philosophical issue ... read philosophical issue and and for us
luckily ... they have niche was to be very open ... exposed to both natives
... BP eyes as well as a ... time ... took no comfort and sustain deep so they
can to allow developers ... like us to do ... very innovative applications and
that I know Facebook Home has come up a lot ... and at the helm market others
were you were pretty forthcoming ... time during the interviews about it that
they couldn't of done that ... if you want for the openness of Android ... and
I think it speaks volumes that that developers are allowed to use Android to
wait between you ... but whenever you have that this situation where does that
open ... up your invariably to have bad actors in the system would leverage
that openness ... to do ... you fit to do malicious behavior condition
malicious behavior ... and and the only reason one of the primary reasons that
they're focusing ... on mobile is the type ... of relationship that we have
with other devices ... you're never sure and beckoned him back in it and the
green room ... of the pictures of our kids ... as an example of the types of
information that would carry we know whether it's pictures of her kids the geo
location can't be that our contact list of Yum credit cards and encrypted ...
of guitar notes files of our device or passwords without a password enter the
type of information we keep on the device with us at all times is quite
valuable is it fair to say that it's it's a typical security tons of the
future could pull people say they care about security but if you actually look
at their behaviors they are not doing very much ... in it's not a feature that
people tend to pay for ... not that the Wallabies for the software but they
tend not to buy a particular ... piece of hardware pieces offer because it's
more secure than another ... and that that that is true even if you think
about I believe we asked a question last March in a survey that we did ... I
which is you have type ... of security ... enabled on your device to an
application and I think of is that fifty three percent Consumer said ... that
yes they did and we know it's not true ... so they construe the things like
... the upcoming have a password manager on my divisor enable a four digit to
... Pascoe the interest rate oh it is very natural kind of one director to fly
but one two three four of the euro is safe but nobody can deny that the
guidance of the devices he would cut its target ... so so and the consumers
misinterpret that as as foolproof security ... and ... so there is indeed a
lot of it has to do with ... engaging smart P Richard Tobias whether it's
locking whether it's ... we drop in the PC and then we were trained ... um
yeah I remember from my earliest days of using the PC we're trying ... to not
click on an extension on attachment that we do not recognize that I love the
what is ... now ... at the peak and created a show him that in your inbox can
get infested or whatever might be ... I think the same of all the education
and pollution from consumer awareness perspective they happen on all the
buttons ... so that's that piece of you know well with the industry needs to
go where consumers need to go in terms of where it's ... from a business or
for how how the business to secure the menu doesn't moving into other things
is that ... because ... security is the big enough business or just ... you
know you wanna be bigger than the security market wire like you more when
there was a Corker is a decision on our part to contain a diversified company
... of based on core assets record DNA that we had security itself is a very
fast on the stock or security business organically who ... are over ninety
percent you will for you ... I'm monetization continues to ... to do well
we've been house a very large deals over the last year ... and continue to
grow that business now we've had over ... him but two thousand retell point
presence of relationships within us about still a high growth business ... but
if we think about the platform that we have built over the last two years ...
for application distribution ... I'm engagement monetization ... the question
we ask ourselves Mr. was what other additional content and can we run through
that ... that platform ... and it ... when you when you look at it gaming and
mobile games continues to be a very large market from the yet ... to get from
security to in app advertising mobile game because ... I'm not necessarily
seeing a direct correlation between the IP there yet so it's really about the
platform ... the fact that we built the platform or weaken our users in over a
hundred fifty countries for have building ... integrated in local currencies
of over sixty countries are going to do that and economical fashion today we
kept our users of between ... about seven cents per registered Mr. ... on land
the basis that the very advantageous ... economic scenario ... so the question
them we ask ourselves and what additional content types can we run through the
tension ... it's a similar evolution ... and if it twelve years ago whenever
it was the head Geoff be on stage at one of the conference is that an Amazon
in the said okay ... you how you can align your business wonton a revolution
... yesterday I knew what we're doing more than a bookstore that and in it I'm
assured that he does it on to revolutionize the book industry ... you know
over time they built the platform that at ten am pretty darn good at ... third
party logistics I have gotten amazing back and that I can run AWS off of ...
I'm gonna get a Commerce management system ... that that I can start to
leverage its a fixed cost and got one anyway why not let other people pay for
it ... right so so it's one of those things were we realize the engine that
we've had for consumer monetization and different perspectives and you think
of it sells as the security company year from now do you wanna be ... a bigger
security company or do you wanna be just a mobile technology company or ...
the biggest bookstore either no one would think of ourselves as a mobile
internet services come so and and we think ... we believe that security is the
Creek War DNA database of ... soap but that enterprise mobility business ...
of where security isn't Hitler for enterprises the field ... of ... him ...
feel that the adoption of mobile devices does not ... sacrifice enterprise
Toder security ... where there's a application distribution or advertising
were you ... aware we engage consumers and secure fashion whether to commerce
transaction ... whether it's making you knew that we we engage them and even
with our beginning it's it's it's quite differentiated ... how we do ... we
gauge your sister will recall interest this community ... I which is not
unique but the way we do it is not to contest or search for social games photo
based recommendation what were doing as we run multiple gaming communities
we're on ... our health care communities rerun I'm confused his community's
... as during gauging what this has appeared in front of your game ... so
let's take down the street and I let's pretend you're December ... answer you
go and you try to learn something insurer sure secrets about again ... were
developing interest profiling obviously with ... that with your permission ...
that allows us to understand what you might even have a higher propensity to
consume ... and in app offer and had an advertisement ... and that's how we're
working with publishers who use our pop one ... out that to engage with their
consumers ... and and we've done here on any given point in time we probably
operate ... either five or six of the top grossing apps on ... top hundred
grossing apps on it I'd I'd I was platform as an example ... so there's a lot
of interesting things going on in a few mildly off in the audience will have
some questions about that but ... I'd I also wanted your kids ages you have so
much experience they the kind of you know I think a view this ... as a good
reality check them out of the things we've heard on stage some are a few
things by in ... a one again your senses you know ... this this out ... the
market are toxic is so ... Samsung and Google news hit Samsung ... they they
they really getting along so well or ... are they you know doing a lot of
business together but each worried about were the others going ... I'm that
that that that ... I think it's a healthy relationship but again I ... haven't
been there for a couple of years ... I'm a constituent both as a consumer and
a ... and with the sector got ... hit ... in any situation I think you're
always can have no not not just posturing that people can maintain ... some
type of ... it's a chance ... that that to say the least in terms of ... both
a power struggle ... and data ... in ... an ... effort to make sure that we
keep each other in check ... and I think that there are not mutually
beneficial relationship I mean Samsung distribution at number ... in the early
days of Motorola we use to do all sorts of benchmarking on Nokia ... I'm you
know the best part ... everything about Nokia ... to how the fact that you can
show up into ... in central Africa ... um and walk into any ... marketplace
and on a broad anywhere you to Nokia devices ... you could get in service
anywhere in Africa ... Samsung has done an amazing job building distribution
network ... um all over the world ... that I think you know rivals if not by
surpasses what Nokia had it at that speed and a huge surprise like that now
when you walk into a Best Buy idiocy Samsung store in the pre end of the
building are you helped ... upstart that effort but ASIC gone further than
even you thought ... was possible though I'm that that that that will one I'm
I'm ... I'm very impressed with what they've done that it doesn't surprise me
all ... time ... yet I was always amazed by the power of Samsung the
technology perspective ... even as companies that were in the U S and abroad
... word you invest in the last function Samsung was doubling down ... and
increasing the number peach he's a retired increasing the amount of IP there
were generating ... for thinking of last year the year before there on the
second tied the imminent birth ... happens that were issued ... on the U S as
an example he missed a few bucks on Africa not to mention a few bucks yet but
they've done something ... that arguably I think it's only been done ... three
times that in the mobile industry where ... you can ... you can drive the
consumer into the store and switch and change the equation rather than the
Verizon salesperson or eighteen T cells person ... selling you want to walk
into a store based on what was on promotion ... here drive consumers into the
store asking for delicate device ... in my opinion that's point and on which
start at ... point and on with ... with with reserved ... and with the I phone
... and then add the Galaxy is is play the fourth time I mean good if you
could argue if the BlackBerry probably with a similar situation are considered
... an iconic brand from a device perspective so public with it said love your
thoughts on ... is Facebook Home is that something Google's really happy about
their services are still there they probably pretty worried ... about where
that's going from here ... you know it had at ... it depends I'm ... just my
opinion I think it depends on what it needs to in terms of ... um ... yet both
the device consumption and cancer impeachment from ... monetization
perspective and in in the end ... of the Android is an open source operating
system and there is a revenue model associated with how Global makes the
unemployed ... and on their own services for its from their own services ...
and to the extent where their services are still part of the equation in the
can continue monetization ... and ... hear from the platform perspective to
the fragmentation doesn't affect the consumer experience ... of ... him that's
can it be what they in my opinion but that ... is are we sacrificing the
customer experience or as were upgrading from Jellybean ... told him to the
tothe next per cent ... of consumers toward a better than the devices and and
start these Facebook Home ... as being a good user experience if you well ...
I'm more ... operating system I think somebody term debt last week that when
that when I read ... um ... but if it doesn't impact Cantore experience on the
upgrade path if it doesn't ... I'm ... not hinder their their ability to Mana
ties their services ... then I think the worry will be less if it starts to
truly fragment ... and an impact or service generation revenue generation
kibbutz or worse yet it hurts the user experience ... I'm from an app ...
platform migration perspective ... then I think you'll see some some
additional conservation but those are ... the marketing factors that are
probably looking at ... again I'm not sitting on the inside but that's what
I've that I would look at another ... way worried it deftly paying attention
definitely paying attention I would be surprised if they are paying attention
so ... aam and then you know the other thing we've heard a lot about my talk
all the time really is their number three in the market in all everyone
spending most of the resources on ... Intrade nihilistic for from a couple
folks that clearly want ... to be a stronger Number three ... then they are
today we heard from yet Terry Myerson a Micra soft ... we heard from gate
Elekta Mozilla ... is there anyone that Scott a credible argument right now
that their number three very when you think ... they've got the inside track
or is it still kind of ... a two horse race with a bunch of other courses
running around ... to all answer question ... with them ... with the best
answer I can give you which is where we're someone ... write and if you'd
asked me were were putting resources we've got a monotonous and retain more
and more mobile we can see approach on the third arrest ... now ... having
said that ... um ... you know ... I have always been ... a fan of the Windows
operating system I think that they have done a ... great job on the user
experience to you why ... I'm ... and I'm I'm looking for was open to the
distribution perspective from an economic perspective ... you both for Dennis
trouble in the near term to achieve anything but Yes with ... him mid single
digits from Reacher perspective but ... but there there's a lot of players in
the system cares one-third operating system so they will do what it takes ...
to to support ... the ... big ecosystem tend to generate competition ... I
think there's another player in the next year between that between Samsung and
... and and and you ... know I've ever ties in that they're working on ... I
think a proven despite the fact you know what you can say about the
limitations about a has ... been ... no had pretty decent distribution just
based on ... the footprint but they can distribute it to one count and hung
out especially ... across ... the device of a west ... of ... the dead that
you know that they're looking that he could deploy interior with their assets
... I would count them out either ... so I think there's a lot of players but
I think there's ... it's can be a tough ... tough go to get a single digits
ten year ... U K it's too early for you guys to say this is a widower can
invest in for ... one last ... random in what will we can see ... and at this
point that's I think the best answer I can get in on tree gets an answer from
all top developers out there ... their absence from the audience ... the ... I
am sad Heartland drippy Technology Company ... actually ask question earlier
this morning ... of ballots ... devices that are not for personally is there
actually being used ... on line merchants ... on in ways to you and to
business writes his cake he meant to connect with customers ... the device is
not really a Pursell device in that respect ... but were seen a lot of use of
mobile technology ... trends and consumer to buy nice ... sitting on top of it
... and it's not really ... still not ... that great ... EC in Q maybe even
getting down to doing like a purpose built by its just for those types of
commercial situations ... so ... the midst of a workout in and in the devices
business minutes that mess with the top part of the ... of the Charter of the
DNA of the company to be a device oriented company with offer solutions
provider for mobile space ... but I am seeing that this thing is you I'm
excited about how people are using these devices whether I pass ... or Android
tablet over to hindered by the IRS any iOS device ... to appoint a still
solutions to some ten thousand city ... I've read a lot work to understand
what was happening in that space and went ... on to what he thinks payment
solutions providers ... of Nestle's hardware providers could do to help enable
... the infrastructure cost of ... wind ... and ... the cash register such an
archaic Technology who'd sit there ... and we look at the fact that yes there
have been much in addition the cash register for ... your two or three decades
I'm sure there's some businesses out there that literally have cash cows MTR
when someone else than ... the rest of them have eye pads in a surprise that
we've gone from the cafe sister to the I pad I mean Apple ... has this huge
enterprise business around ... phones and tablets without ... devoting much in
the way of resources to a new you guys are getting into ... enterprise
mobility are you surprised ... that no one you know ... BlackBerry ten o one a
wakes up reliable device is Khona won away the surprise that ... aam you know
it's just been avoided in and Apple's consumer friendliness means ... you know
the taxi driver has wary surprise there isn't a stronger ... enterprise first
player ... I mean it doesn't surprise me and I think it require ... it always
requires the silicon solutions are another time ... aam ... and ... and ...
and ... it's up to say that the solutions didn't exist to go to a completely
... no cashless society ... I think were were at a time point in time where we
are becoming worth it if not dare we are very close becoming a cashless
society and that some of those are what ... I mean in terms of Commerce NT
minute it came in at the point of sale ... and I think some of that is what is
required of many of these points the sales whether it's ... that whether it's
a taxi or whether it's at the ... time ... now ... at a winery or whatever
might be to help the enabler for these for these mobile solutions but I think
... just to get your point of purpose built devices and those are very
specific question I think ... what what happens is that it in this entire
ecosystem of accessories and purpose built excess trees around the devices and
interfaces ... using both connectors an API is is is is Guinea continue to be
a very strong ecosystem to help ... optimize or customize those devices ...
for specific environments whether to rugged eyes and brown because its appeal
for supplication ... whether it's a point of snow environment ... where I need
to be overturned at the bison turn towards the consumer allow them to sign
which is what our local coffee shop as literally did turn around the turns and
eyesight and they turned back around and thats an accessory that someone built
for that specific situations but the excess free environment ... will enable
some of these more purpose ... I'm on call purpose been purpose built
applications from a hardware perspective cripple think you so much for my it's
always good to hear ... what you have to say in a future will be hearing more
Oakley year from now I'm at vehicles ... and two mobile will be the ...
biggest company we haven't heard of ... them and that that that that that is
Argo were looking for to continue grow the company and become a household name
... excellent ... think you so much and the kids ... Up Next Editor Picks 1:42
Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019 2:15 Is the December Job
Report Good News for President Trump? 1/4/2019 2:23 The Main Reasons for
Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 3:35 China Makes Historic Moon Landing,
Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 More → Editor Picks 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is
Elected Speaker of the House of Representatives 1/3/2019 The new Democratic-
controlled House elected Nancy Pelosi as speaker of the House on Thursday amid
a battle with President Trump over border-wall funding. Photo: Getty 2:56
Businesses Prepare for Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What
Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:43 Trump
Sticks to Border Wall Demands as Shutdown Continues 1/2/2019 6:03PM 24:45 Safe
Haven: One Family's Journey After Hurricane Florence 12/31/2018 3:24PM More →
More → Moving Upstream 9:56 Electric Scooters: Israel’s Two-Wheeled Solution
to Traffic and Sabbath 12/20/2018 Electric-scooter rental companies are
hitting speed bumps in the U.S. over safety and other concerns. But in Tel
Aviv, one in 10 residents has rented a Bird e-scooter, and the city appears to
be embracing them. WSJ’s Jason Bellini takes a look at the challenges and
potential lessons of the e-scooter craze. 0:54 Tasting the World’s First Test-
Tube Steak 12/11/2018 5:30AM 9:58 High Insulin Prices Drive Diabetics to Take
Extreme Measures 12/3/2018 5:30AM 9:57 Facial Recognition Tech Aims to
Identify Good and Evil 11/19/2018 5:30AM 9:54 The Future of Flight: AI in the
Cockpit 11/12/2018 5:30AM More → Recommended for you 2:15 Is the December Job
Report Good News For President Trump? 1/4/2019 The government released a
blockbuster jobs report despite a trade war with China and a partial
government shutdown. WSJ's Gerald F. Seib explains what this report means for
President Trump. Photo: Getty 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue
Shortfall 1/3/2019 8:53PM 1:42 Holtz-Eakin: The Fed Has Not Overdone It
1/4/2019 10:00PM 1:41 The Opposite Sides of the Shutdown Talks 1/4/2019 5:49PM
3:35 China Makes Historic Moon Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019
9:08AM 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019 11:52AM 1:28
Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of the House of Representatives 1/3/2019
4:40PM 2:56 Businesses Prepare for Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019
6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New Year Address? 1/3/2019
5:30AM 1:04 Trump Slams Mattis Over Afghanistan 1/2/2019 5:07PM 4:43 Didn't
Get the Job? The Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity
12/30/2018 7:00AM More → Featured Content 11:59 Violence Made Her Flee. Now
She’s at the Border 12/28/2018 Fleeing violence from her hometown in Honduras,
Gabriela Rodriguez traveled thousands of miles with her daughter to the Mexico
- U.S. border in Tijuana. The Wall Street Journal followed her as she weighed
her options to cross into the U.S., hoping to leave behind her past.
Photo/Video: Jake Nicol/WSJ 6:30 The Struggle to Keep a Son's Promise
12/31/2018 7:00AM 9:35 What Trump Did to Silence Stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal 11/9/2018 12:33PM 8:53 How Scammers in China Manipulate Amazon
12/17/2018 5:55AM 9:18 Chefs Speak Out on Mental Health in the Restaurant
Industry 11/12/2018 12:28PM More → More → Tech 4:43 Didn't Get the Job? The
Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018 DeepSense,
based in San Francisco and New Delhi, uses artificial intelligence to assess
job candidates’ personalities based on their social media accounts. WSJ’s
Jason Bellini tested the tool. 9:39 Cold Pursuits: A Scientist's Quest to
Uncover Antarctica's Secrets 12/29/2018 12:00PM 3:26 Facial Recognition Spurs
Privacy Concerns, Even Among Its Creators 12/24/2018 10:59AM 2:40 Easy
Upgrades for Your Family's TV 12/23/2018 8:30AM 4:59 Where Amazon Reviews
Really Come From 12/20/2018 8:50AM More → More → Life & Culture 2:21 The
Secret to World Famous Carrot Cake (Hint: Jail) 12/25/2018 This Christmas at
the Rikers Island jail complex, inmates and the staff are looking forward to a
special treat from the jails’ bakery. We went inside. Photo: Natalia V.
Osipova/The Wall Street Journal 4:21 Three Boys Explain Why They Play Fortnite
Every Chance They Get 12/21/2018 8:00AM 4:03 Your Home Needs a Robot Vacuum
12/16/2018 8:30AM 3:43 Lab-Grown Meat Prompts Rabbis to Consider the
Impossible: Kosher Bacon 12/14/2018 3:36PM 4:32 'Beam Me Up, Scotty:' A 'Star
Trek' Home in Silicon Valley 12/6/2018 10:00AM More → More → Sponsored 27:34
Sponsored Creating the Future Workforce 1/17/2017 3:39PM 1:00 Sponsored Golf's
Data Revolution 9/9/2016 2:16PM 1:30 Sponsored How Worldly Experiences Can
Shape One's Success 1/24/2018 2:21 Sponsored Am I Doing What I Love? 9/22/2016
11:59PM More → More → Marketwatch, Moneyish and Barron's 2:30 How automated
digital payroll will change the way employees get paid 1/3/2019 Here's how the
'consumerization' of payroll could affect when and how you receive your
paycheck. 3:56 When a couple with opposite attitudes about money buys a house
1/3/2019 7:00AM 3:18 AI could transform the world. Here's what's holding it
back 1/2/2019 7:03AM 1:06 A personality test expert assesses Hillary Clinton
and Warren Buffett 1/2/2019 7:00AM 3:09 Why the banking industry will spend
$100bn in cloud services by 2019 12/28/2018 7:10AM More → The Wall Street
Journal Digital Network WSJ.com WSJ Video MarketWatch.com Barrons.com
BigCharts.com Virtual Stock Exchange About About Content Partnerships
Advertising Advertise Locally Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Your Ad
Choices Copyright Policy Tools Tablet Edition Podcasts RSS Feeds WSJ on
Twitter WSJ on Facebook Help Help Customer Service Contact Us Global Support
WSJ Podcasts ViewWSJ Videoon WSJ Video Home Topics Browse Videos Programs
Events Content from Sponsors View WSJ Video On