WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Former D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty Joins Andreessen
Horowitz as “Special Advisor” September 26, 2012 at 3:00 pm PT Tweet Share
Print In its second acquisition of a well-known political figure, Andreessen
Horowitz has brought in former District of Columbia Mayor Adrian Fenty as a
part-time “Special Advisor.” The appointment comes after the high-profile
Silicon Valley venture firm added former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers last
year in the same capacity. Fenty — who lost his job as mayor after only one
term, in part due to blistering opposition to major education reform he pushed
for in Washington’s troubled public schools — will focus on helping Andreessen
Horowitz make investments in the online education arena, as well as advising
on city-related issues. In an interview, Fenty said that, since he left office
last year, he had become increasingly interested in tech and entrepreneurs.
“I’ve been migrating more and more to the area and was impressed with the
great work Andreessen Horowitz was doing,” he said. “I got the bug in me.”
Fenty added that he thinks of himself as a disruptor in politics, which is why
he has been attracted to start-ups. “It is fun for me to do on the business
side what I was doing on the political side,” he said. “There is an education
disruption volcano that is really just starting to circulate.” Boom. Here’s
the Andreessen Horowitz blog post on the Fenty appointment: Former DC Mayor
Adrian Fenty Joins Andreessen Horowitz as Special Advisor This is a guest post
by Margit Wennmachers, partner at Andreessen Horowitz. Today we broaden our
firm’s expertise with the appointment of our second special advisor, Adrian
Fenty. Adrian is best known as the iconic former mayor of Washington, D.C.,
who threw out entrenched rulebooks to reform the public school system with
unheard-of success. Adrian joins renowned economist Larry Summers in his
advisory role at the firm. (http://bhorowitz.com/2011/06/29/meet-our-new-
special-advisor-larry-summers/) What does Adrian bring to the table? To answer
this question, it’s helpful to understand more about his tenure as mayor in
D.C. On his very first day in office, at a time when D.C. test scores and
graduation rates were among the lowest in the country, he introduced
legislation to vest mayoral control of public schools. Through efficiencies
and a spotlight on accountability, student achievement rose 14 points in
reading and 17 points in math since 2007, unprecedented gains in D.C. history
and unparalleled nationwide. Not to mention that SAT scores rose 27 points,
graduation rates rose each year, and 72 percent of District students took the
PSAT. Measurable results in record time. Adrian did all this in the face of
tough opposition from about every corner in the system. He also did it at a
great cost; he was voted out of office in the following election. Long-term
gains that necessitate tough decisions are often obscured by unpopular short-
term pain. In the fullness of time, Adrian will be on the right side of the
issue; the results are evident. We admire someone with the courage and the
stomach to take on the status quo, in particular on a topic as fundamental as
the education system in this country. His education chops are only a small
part of what Adrian brings to the firm. He will advise us and our
entrepreneurs about the ins-and-outs of navigating state, local and federal
government. He’s uniquely qualified to help companies understand everything
from striking effective city partnerships to navigating regulatory issues.
With more technology companies disrupting traditional businesses, they will
benefit from leaning on someone who’s well-versed in how local governments
operate. Adrian’s bold, he’s progressive, he’s tech savvy, and he’s a
disruptor with a track record to prove it. He’s already hit the ground running
with our CEOs. We’re excited to see the kind of impact this reformer will have
on our portfolio. Tagged with: Adrian Fenty, Andreessen Horowitz, appointment,
arena, blog, city, D.C., disruption, District of Columbia, education,
entrepreneur, firm, investment, issue, Larry Summers, Margit Wennmachers,
mayor, political, politics, post, public school, reform, Silicon Valley,
Special Advisor, Start-up, Treasury secretary, venture, Washington You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version