WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka MTV’s Miley Cyrus VMA Video So Terrible You Watched It 10
Million Times August 27, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT Tweet Share Print You guys! OMG
you guys! Do you know that if you do something super crazy and provocative
that involves sex* and put it on TV, that lots of people will talk about it on
the Internet? What’s that? You do know that? Ah. Well, then you won’t be
surprised to see this press release from MTV, crowing about its results from
yesterday, which was the day after Miley Cyrus did something so terrible that
everyone simply had to talk about it and watch it and then talk about it and
watch it again: “2013 MTV VMA’s Shatters Records Across Web, Mobile and
Social.” The data points: Yesterday, Viacom’s reality-TV and occasional music-
video channel drew 11 million digital visitors, its highest one-day total
ever. And the video clip of Cyrus and Alan Thicke’s son doing the worst thing
ever recorded* generated 10 million streams, another record. Because, you
know. We can note that one reason the stream total was so high was that
Viacom/MTV was quite good about distributing the clip widely — I saw it on
Twitter, on my iPhone, within a few hours of the apocalypse — while also
keeping it off of YouTube. So, if you wanted to watch Miley Cyrus destroying
society as we know it, you couldn’t do it on the world’s biggest website
(still locked in a legal battle with Viacom). (Update: I was completely wrong
about that! Turns out Viacom was content to let YouTube stream its clips all
day long, many millions of times.) But you could do it on Viacom’s site. And,
um, sites like this. Get More: 2013 VMA, Artists.MTV, Music, Miley Cyrus * But
not actual sex * But still totally viewable on mainstream TV. Tagged with:
Google, Miley Cyrus, MTV Video Music Awards, Robin Thicke, twerking, Twitter,
Viacom, video music aw, VMA, VMAs, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version