WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried AllThingsD Covers the Tech of Super Bowl XLVI (And the Ads,
the Game and Madonna) February 5, 2012 at 2:12 pm PT Tweet Share Print If you
liked Footballmer, you are going to love AllThingsD’s coverage of the Super
Bowl. We’ll have a liveblog commenting on the game, the commercials, the apps
and more, brought to you by tech-and-sports enthusiast Ina Fried, with
possible contributions from other staffers, if they can be pried away from the
game. Our coverage will kick off just before the game does. In the meantime,
check out our techie guide to the Super Bowl with info on apps, streaming and
more. 2:17 pm: It’s still more than an hour to go until game time, but if you
want to watch, NBC is streaming the pregame show.
http://nflstream.nbcsports.com/ 2:23 pm: Sharing a few of my friends’ comments
re: The Super Bowl: “The Super Bowl … keeping Roman numerals alive for 46
years.” and “so I heard there’s a Madonna concert on today, with some strange
pre-show and post-show entertainment …” Feel free to email me your
observations on the game, the tech and more to ina@allthingsd.com, and I will
add in some of them, as well. 2:32 pm: Here’s what NBC’s streaming of the
pregame show looks like: 2:35 pm: The NBC app also allows, among other thing,
reviewing the ads and switching of camera angles. 2:43 pm: Getting my gear all
ready for the game, and to monitor the apps. So far, I have at the ready a
MacBook Air for the blogging and, to see the coverage, a Verizon/Motorola
Droid Razr Maxx with NFL Mobile. And an iPad. May dig out one or two more
gadgets, as well. 2:46 pm: My colleagues at The Wall Street Journal note that
there is a traffic jam with folks trying to get to the game — an air traffic
jam. I hate when I can’t park my private jet: 3:07 pm: Another shot of my
setup as we get ready for the big game. Meanwhile, it’s time for the starting
lineup. Some guy named Manning is starting for the Giants. The Patriots have
some guy named Brady. 3:11 pm: It’s time to meet the players for both teams.
And/or heat up the five-layer dip. 3:12 pm: On the commercial front,
meanwhile, it’s an ad for Hulu Plus. No Baldwins or aliens, though. If you
miss a commercial, by the way, NBC says you can rewatch it on their site. Not
sure if the same goes for key plays. 3:16 pm: “America the Beautiful,” with
Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton. I missed who was singing on the TV.
Luckily, NFL Mobile on Verizon Droid Razr Maxx is running about 10 seconds
behind. Homegrown instant replays. 3:18 pm: Meanwhile, “American Idol” alum
Kelly Clarkson is singing the National Anthem. So far I’d put “Idol” up by a
touchdown over “The Voice.” 3:20 pm: Cut to commercial for Sacha Baron Cohen’s
new film “The Dictator,” followed by a Verizon Wireless add for the Droid
Razr, which now comes in colors. AJ’s excited: “You know me, I love colors,”
he said. As for me, I’m more excited by the Maxx and its extra battery life.
Should have charged it up ahead of time to see if it could make it through the
whole game. Twitter is doing an interesting special Super Bowl page,
monitoring how both teams are doing, tweet-wise: 3:26 pm: Meanwhile, on the
field, New England won the coin toss and deferred to get the ball in the
second half. 3:29 pm: As a reminder to all those enjoying the free
livestreaming of the game by NBC, be thankful they have the game rights and
not ESPN. ESPN boss John Skipper told me at our D: Dive Into Media conference
that he totally would have charged fans if he had the game rights. 3:38 pm:
Quick game update: Giants will have to punt. Patriots will get it back, but
deep in their own zone. 3:39 pm: Nice spot for Audi, touting the vampire-
crushing power of its headlights. 3:41 pm: Whoa, intentional grounding call.
Since Brady was in the end zone, it’s a safety. For you techie, non-sports
fans, that’s two points for the Giants, plus they get the ball. 3:45 pm:
Twitter is taking note of the fact that hashtags are everywhere in the Super
Bowl ads, so far. Hashtags are the new URLs, says Gartner’s Michael
Gartenberg. 3:50 pm: It was a catch and a fumble, but more importantly, the
Patriots had an extra player on the field, so it’s just a penalty. 3:52 pm:
Touchdown Giants, meaning Team Mossberg is off to a rough start, now down 9-0.
Sorry, Walt. 3:54 pm: Best Buy just showed their cellphone ad — featuring,
among other tech folks, Philippe Kahn, talking about the first cellphone
camera. Also featured: Ray Kurzweil, the creators of Shazam, Instagram, Words
With Friends and more. It’s a fun spot. 3:56 pm: Also fun: The spot with a
Chevy truck surviving the 2012 Mayan-predicted apocalypse. A bunch of guys in
their trucks reunite, along with the Twinkies, which also survived. Not so
lucky: The guy driving a Ford. 4:02 pm: Oh boy. Go Daddy at it again. 4:06 pm:
Patriots kick a field goal to make it 9-3. Meanwhile, colleague Joe Brown has
dug up some most excellent Super Bowl related tweets, I’ll sprinkle in here:
@TheTweetOfGod notes this will be the last Super Bowl before the Apocalypse;
@AndyBorowitz notes that porn sites are seeing a drop in traffic; while
@JimGaffigan aptly points out that “The Super Bowl is like the Super Bowl of
Super Bowl references.” Borowitz also hypothesizes that Madonna’s halftime
show will provide “a sneak preview of Lady Gaga’s halftime show in 2032.” See
something you like, send it my way to ina@allthingsd.com. 4:15 pm: Nice
Volkswagen commercial mixes cute dogs and “Star Wars” to capture two key
demographics. 4:20 pm: Aiming for equal time after that Go Daddy ad, there’s
one that consists of just David Beckham in his underwear for 30 seconds. 4:23
pm: Interesting playbook for the Patriots, so far. I think it is the
BlackBerry PlayBook. 4:28 pm: There are all these apps for making a game out
of watching the Super Bowl. Hopefully, there is one that makes the Patriots
make a game out it. 4:30 pm: Giants have to punt again, but they pin the
Patriots deep again. New England will have it on their own four-yard line.
4:32 pm: It’s retro time, with Lucasfilm touting the 3-D version of “Star
Wars,” and NBC touting the 53-year-old version of Madonna. 4:37 pm: Breaking:
Teleflora steals ad team from Go Daddy. Then a funny ad from Sketchers, with a
dog in tennis shoes. 4:38 pm: Wow, that Cars.com ad was creepy. With a capital
“C” and a capital “REEPY.” 4:41 pm: Another tech note: NBC’s livestreaming is
being aided by Vertigo, whose CEO, Scott Stanfield, asks everyone to help make
the game the biggest streaming event ever. 4:43 pm: Grandma in wheelchair
steals back Doritos bag by slingshotting baby to get it. Now it’s Etrade baby
and pal “speed dating” in a hospital nursery. Babies are taking over. 4:46 pm:
As for that football game thing, it’s almost halftime, with the Patriots in
striking distance at the three-yard line, with 18 seconds to go. 4:47 pm: And
Mossberg scores. Well, technically speaking, it was one of the Patriots on the
field. Anyhoo, touchdown Patriots. 4:51 pm: And it’s halftime. Or “game time”
for many of my friends, who don’t understand why they are playing football at
a Madonna concert, anyway. 5:00 pm: Hulu Plus gets another plug. Touts the
ability to watch shows on all kinds of devices. Now it’s an evil(er) plan to
take over the world. Meanwhile, Shazam gets a shout-out in a Bud Light ad.
5:01 pm: And now, the moment you have all been waiting for … 1982. 5:04 pm: On
the plus side, the wardrobe is fully functional. 5:06 pm: Meanwhile, if you
Shazam the halftime show, you get a free LMFAO remake of Madonna. 5:11 pm:
Dude, Madonna just stole the football field. We’re going to want that thing
back. 5:16 pm: Here’s the Shazam app in action during the halftime show: 5:17
pm: And here’s how Madonna wrapped up her act, as seen on the one screen I
haven’t talked about. It’s called a TV — people used to watch stuff on them:
5:23 pm: And, with some final halftime ads from Betty White and Clint
Eastwood, we’re back to football. Brady and the Patriots have it just past
their own 20. 5:28 pm: Walt carries it in again, as the Mossbergs extend their
lead to 17-9. 5:31 pm: Just checked. RIM hasn’t made any personnel moves
during this game. 5:36 pm: Some more great tweets curated by our fabulous Joe
Brown: @michaelianblack: Joan Rivers did an amazing halftime show.
@PFTompkins: That oughtta do it. World peace should be here by the next
GoDaddy commercial. @TheTweetOfGod: Patriots 10. Giants 9. Madonna 53. 5:39
pm: Giants did a kick-y thing. Now 17-12 Patriots. 5:39 pm: Update: Fiat also
knows how to use sex to sell. 5:42 pm: I want to grab a beer, but I am afraid
I might miss a commercial. Or accidentally grab a Bud Light Platinum, whatever
that is. 5:43 pm: Meanwhile, NBC is plugging an NBC Sports Talk app. Madonna
gets a shout-out from her peers: 5:52 pm: It’s easy to miss, in all the tweets
and ads and Madonnas, but there is actually a pretty good football game going
on. 5:56 pm: It’s almost the moment you have all been waiting for … Samsung’s
Galaxy Note commercial. It’s kind of like a futchdown. 6:06 pm: Loving the
“Ferris Bueller” revamp Honda CR-V commercial with Matthew Broderick. #bueller
First Madonna, now Ferris Bueller. Glad my generation now runs all the
companies. Or at least their ad agencies. 6:13 pm: Bud Light gets some “awww”
points with its last ad, promoting the beer-fetching rescue dog, “Weego.” 6:21
pm: Woo Hoo. Careerbuilder monkeys. I’ve missed those guys. 6:21 pm: Fourth
quarter, 9:24 left to go. You can text your vote to for Super Bowl MVP.
Personally, I’ll need another 9:24 to give you my answer. 6:25 pm: Futchdown!
Goofy ad for Samsung’s Galaxy Note phablet now on. Not a lot of stylus fans on
Twitter, as Samsung ad is getting roundly panned, as is the product. 6:29 pm:
Dow Jones colleague Ian Sherr reports his stream of the Super Bowl is
decidedly subpar. “None of the TV ads, and it doesn’t even break at the same
time as TV.” Of course, only at the Super Bowl does one complain there are not
enough ads in Internet streams. “I’ve missed several plays, and they keep
playing the same ads with Dwight from The Office and “Act of Valor” over and
over again,” Sherr said in a Twitter post. 6:32 pm: Meanwhile, it’s a two-
point game, with 3:46 to play. Giants have the ball, down two on their own 12.
6:34 pm: Throw to the sideline at 50-yard line ruled a catch. Patriots
challenge, but looks pretty good. First key use of instant replay this game.
Yep, ruling on field confirmed, and will cost the Patriots a time-out. 6:37
pm: As for that Samsung ad, it was a first-ever commercial for director Bobby
Farrelly, who is known for “There’s Something About Mary,” “Dumb & Dumber” and
“Kingpin.” If you need to re-watch it, it’s here. I recommend doing so now, as
there is another Go Daddy.com ad playing. 6:44 pm: Giants score, but likely
would have rather used a little more clock. New England will still need a
touchdown, and have less than a minute to get it. It’s now 21-17, Giants.
Sorry, was watching the game. First down, but clock clicking. Just 17 seconds
left, though. 6:51 pm: Just nine seconds left now, with Patriots near
midfield. 6:52 pm: Okay. Five ticks left, so this is probably it for both the
Patriots and this liveblog. Hope you were at least entertained! Incomplete.
Giants win, 21-17. 6:55 pm: Disneyland or Disney World? That’s the only
question that remains. Tagged with: apps, Best Buy, football, Footballmer,
liveblog, NBC, Samsung, Shazam, streaming, Super Bowl, Verizon Another
Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close December 31,
2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost
30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is
Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing
Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at
5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close
December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » First the NSA came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at
this point, and I said nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker
Higgins via Twitter AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version