[email protected] +1-508-485-9100 Hit enter to search or ESC to close Products
All Products 911: Flexible Vertical Gage 1000: Surface Roughness Gage 1000-Z:
Optical Tactile Surface Finish 1100-GX: Glass Linear Encoder 1200: Cylindrical
Crankshaft/Camshaft Gage 1200-LX: Laser Interferometer 1302: Compact
Horizontal Gage 1304/1306: Horizontal High-Speed Multi-Head Gage 1310: High
Speed In-Line Measuring Gage 1310-S: High Speed Optical/Tactile Gage
LightSCAN: Non-Contact Measurement LightSCOPE: Optical Measurement System 3D
Inspection Software Program Builder Software Industries Aerospace Automotive
Heavy Diesel Equipment Industrial Locomotive Engine & Rail Marine Power
Generation Pumps Robotics Small Engine & Appliances Transportation/Trucking
Gage Types Crankshaft & Camshaft Measuring Machines Custom Gages Gears &
Transmission Shafts High-Precision-Gages Horizontally Loaded Gages In-Line
Gages Laser/Optical Non-contact Measuring Systems Metrology Software + 3D
Mapping Robot Loaded & Fully Automatic Gages Surface Finish/Roughness
Measuring Gages Vertically Loaded Gages Components Measured Axles Camshafts
Sliding Camshafts Crankshafts Eccentric Shafts Gears Heavy Diesel Crankshafts
& Camshafts Hydraulic Rings Pistons Precision Hydraulic Cylinders Pump Lobes
Robotic Shafts Transmission / Output Shafts Turbochargers Parameters Measured
Angularity Cam Lobe Lift Error Center Deviation Chatter Concentricity
Cylindricity Diameter Length Parallelism Perpendicularity Profile Roundness
Runout Straightness Surface Finish > Avg Max Height of Profile Max Height of
Profile Max Peak Depth of Profile Max Peak Height of Profile RMS Roughness
Roughness Average Taper Throw/Stroke MORE > Axial Location Feature/Locator
Presence Flatness True Position Width Services Technical Support Training Gage
Upgrades Recertification About Management Customers Quality Certifications
Resources Careers News Contact Adcole Maryland IndustriesAccuracy,
Reliability, and Versatility Adcole’s measurement gages are remarkable not
only for their precision, durability and speed, but also for their
versatility. Experts from a wide array of industries rely on Adcole for
reliable metrology solutions. Aerospace Companies at the forefront of the
aerospace industry require metrology solutions to match their precise
performance needs. Angularity At Adcole, we understand the importance of
meeting tight tolerances, which is why our gages provide repeatable analysis
of angularity and other vital parameters. Automotive Adcole products bring
sub-micron accuracy and conformance in camshaft and crankshaft measurement to
factory floors across the automotive industry. Avg Max Height of Profile
Adcole’s optical metrology solutions will alert you if any parts might
negatively affect static or sliding contact function—before such a problem
arises. Axial Location Adcole gages provide trustworthy measurements of
precise parameters, including axial location. Axles The automotive industry
has counted on Adcole’s Trusted Accuracy to measure axles for decades,
resulting in increased productivity, recognized quality and rapid return on
investment. Cam Lobe Lift Error Use Adcole’s revolutionary 3D software to
determine asymmetry of camshaft lobes with unmatched levels of repeatability.
Camshafts Gage-to-gage repeatability ensures that camshafts and other parts
are manufactured to identical standards/tolerances across the entire plant—or
even company-wide. Center Deviation Adcole gages provide trustworthy
measurements of precise parameters, including deviation from the center.
Chatter Adcole’s Chatter Analysis package is a valuable tool used to diagnose
repetitive patterns left on a cylindrical part by the grinding process.
Concentricity Adcole’s gages are durable enough for the factory floor, yet
precise enough to accurately evaluate a part’s concentricity down to the
micrometer. Crankshaft & Camshaft Measuring Gages Adcole crankshaft and
camshaft gages are designed to meet the demands of production lines while
providing the very best in accuracy, versatility and reliability. Their
ruggedness and superior repeatability set the standard in the world of
metrology. Crankshafts With a large selection of gages that can accurately and
efficiently measure crankshafts, Adcole’s optical metrology products are
applicable in a wide array of industries. Custom Gages Adcole automatic and
semi-automatic cylindrical coordinate measuring machines are known for their
exceptional accuracy and high repeatability. We can design or customize a
coordinate measuring machine for virtually any application to accommodate your
production and quality control requirements. Cylindricity Adcole automatic and
semi-automatic cylindrical coordinate measuring machines are known for their
exceptional accuracy and high repeatability. Diameter Adcole gages allow you
to measure diameter with sub-micron precision. Eccentric Shafts As pivotal
parts of steam locomotives and other engines, eccentrics must be measured to
the kind of high standards for which Adcole gages are specifically designed.
Feature/Locator Presence The uncompromising accuracy of Adcole machines
ensures dependable measurements of feature/locator presence. Flatness Adcole
gage’s are the cutting edge for measuring flatness. Gears Tolerances and
standards for gears grow tighter every year. Adcole’s gages are specifically
designed to accommodate these high standards. Gears & Transmission Shaft
Measuring Gages When it comes to quality assurance, engineers expect durable,
reliable metrological solutions. Adcole gages are relied on worldwide for in-
depth analysis of gears and transmission shifts. Heavy Diesel Camshafts &
Crankshafts Adcole’s gages are just as reliable for measuring heavy diesel
machine parts as they are for standard automobiles. Heavy Diesel Equipment The
versatility of Adcole’s gages means that they can be put to use on equipment
big and small—heavy diesel machines and vehicles being no exception. Adcole
gages are so versatile that they can easily manage quality control tasks on
equipment big and small — heavy diesel machines and vehicles included. High
Precision Gages At Adcole, precision is prized. These gages offer the world
standard in precise, accurate data to ensure quality, efficiency and reduced
cost on the manufacturing floor. Horizontally Loaded Gages Our horizontally
loaded gages use revolutionary 3D software to provide precise, high speed
measurements of complex features. Hydraulic Rings Using Adcole gages,
hydraulic pump rings can be measured with the industry standard in precision,
efficiency, and ease, freeing up your work force and saving time. In-Line
Gages Adcole’s ln-line camshaft measuring machines have brought audit room
measurement accuracy to the production line. Industrial Adcole is respected
worldwide for the durability of our metrology solutions. Whether you’re using
Adcole products in a lab environment or right on your industrial facility’s
factory floor, our gages will continue to operate at the highest possible
level of performance. Laser/Optical Non-contact Measuring Systems Our optical
metrology probes and systems enable engineers to quickly identify and solve
manufacturing problems. Adcole gages are renowned for their durability,
providing shop floor ruggedness while delivering the highest performance for
close tolerance measurements. Length Trust Adcole gages for reliable length
measurements. Locomotive Engine & Rail Adcole’s team of experts understands
that, when it comes to locomotive engines and rails, precise, repeatable
measurements are of the utmost importance, which is why our engineers have
designed our gages to provide reports you can rely on. Marine Our
sophisticated metrological machines provide dependable analysis of parts for
use in marine systems. Max Height of Profile Over 550 engine plants worldwide
rely on Adcole’s Trusted Accuracy to reliably determine max height of profile.
Max Peak Depth of Profile To ensure superior surface finish, Adcole’s 1000 and
1000Z gages deliver data-driven performance of max peak depth of profile. Max
Peak Height of Profile Our gages are able to measure a part’s highest peak in
relation to its mean line with the kind of sub-micron accuracy and repeatedly
that proves the validity of Adcole’s time-tested engineering fidelity.
Metrology Software + 3D Mapping Adcole provides comprehensive metrology
software for enhanced measurement analysis. Powerful productivity suites allow
for in-depth measurement analysis and straightforward gage operation, from 3D
mapping software to simplified gage programming with Adcole’s Program Builder.
Parallelism Using Adcole’s revolutionary 3D software, visualizing parallelism
is easier than ever. Perpendicularity The uncompromising accuracy of Adcole
machines ensures dependable readouts of perpendicularity. Pistons Adcole’s
rugged gages, such as the Model 911, are designed to measure pistons and other
cylindrical components in the most demanding production environments. Power
Generation When it comes to evaluating parts for power generation, Adcole’s
metrology solution provide unequaled accuracy, ease of use, and efficiency.
Precision Hydraulic Cylinders Advanced 3D part mapping allows engineers to
visualize precision hydraulic cylinders in intricate detail. Profile Adcole
products are uniquely capable of taking trustworthy profile measurements of a
wide variety of parts. Pump Lobes Pump lobes are relied upon in machines
across a wide variety of industries, making it vital for you to have accurate,
in-depth measurements of these essential parts. Pumps Using Adcole’s metrology
systems to assess industrial pump parts improves production output, helps to
identify and solve manufacturing problems, and saves engineers troubleshooting
time. RMS Roughness With Adcole gages, ease of use is the name of the game.
Let our expertly crafted machines evaluate your parts for flaws in RMS
Roughness and other parameters. Robot Loaded & Fully Automatic Gages Not only
do Adcole’s robot loaded, fully automatic gages save your company time, they
free up engineers so they can focus on other pivotal projects. Robotic Shafts
Adcole’s engineers understand the exceptionally tight tolerances that robotic
shafts and reducers must meet, which is why our gages are capable of
repeatable, sub-micron precision. Robotics Adcole’s gages are constructed to
ensure the kind of extremely low inherent error that is necessary in the
highly precise field of robotics. Roughness Average Rely on our world standard
laser measurement technology to inform you of imperfections on a microscopic
scale, saving your team valuable time spent troubleshooting. Roundness Our
metrology solutions allow your manufacturing team to determine even minute
imperfections in the roundness of parts—giving you the opportunity to address
technical problems before they arise. Runout Find an Adcole optical metrology
solution that will enable your team to see straightforward runout
measurements, which will in turn expedite the research and development
process. Sliding Camshafts Combined with Adcole’s groundbreaking independent,
opposed measuring heads, our touch-screen interface makes diagnostic routines
and part identification of sliding camshafts easier than ever before. Small
Engine & Appliances Discover how Adcole gages can help your company get
faster, more accurate measurements of small engine and appliance parts.
Straightness Adcole’s straightforward 3D software provides an easily
understandable, comprehensive read-out of part straightness. Surface Finish
Surface Finish/Roughness Measuring Gages Adcole introduced the very first
semi-automatic surface roughness gages for production. The robust construction
and anti-vibration technology provide highly accurate surface roughness
measurements, even in harsh production environments. Taper Even on the busiest
factory floors, our optical metrology solutions are known for accurate taper
measurements. Throw/Stroke Capable of measuring over two dozen unique
parameters, Adcole metrology solutions are the most versatile on the market.
Transmission / Output Shafts Across industries, Adcole gages are relied upon
to keep your engines’ most essential parts—such as transmission and output
shafts—running safely and efficiently. Transportation/Trucking Just like your
transportation/trucking company, Adcole is in it for the long haul; we pride
ourselves on the fact that our gages are never obsolete. True Position Our
experienced engineers know that position is one of the most essential
meteorological measurements, which is why we designed our gages to take the
guesswork out of the equation. Turbochargers Reduce scrap and rework of
turbochargers through the use of Adcole’s patented pattern recognition
technology. Vertically Loaded Gages Adcole’s vertically loaded gages use
highly sophisticated sensors to ensure accurate read-outs. Width Our gages are
able to measure a part’s width with the kind of sub-micron accuracy and
repeatedly that proves the validity of Adcole’s time-tested engineering
fidelity. Sort Portfolio All Aerospace Angularity Automotive Axial Location
Axles Cam Lobe Lift Error Camshafts Center Deviation Chatter Concentricity
Crankshaft & Camshaft Measuring Gages Crankshafts Custom Gages Cylindricity
Diameter Eccentric Shafts Feature/Locator Presence Flatness Gears Gears &
Transmission Shaft Measuring Gages Heavy Diesel Camshafts & Crankshafts Heavy
Diesel Equipment High Precision Gages Horizontally Loaded Gages Hydraulic
Rings In-Line Gages Industrial Laser/Optical Non-contact Measuring Systems
Length Locomotive Engine & Rail Marine Metrology Software + 3D Mapping
Parallelism Perpendicularity Pistons Power Generation Precision Hydraulic
Cylinders Profile Pump Lobes Pumps Robot Loaded & Fully Automatic Gages
Robotic Shafts Robotics Roundness Runout Sliding Camshafts Small Engine &
Appliances Straightness Surface Finish Avg Max Height of Profile Max Height of
Profile Max Peak Depth of Profile Max Peak Height of Profile RMS Roughness
Roughness Average Surface Finish/Roughness Measuring Gages Taper Throw/Stroke
Transmission / Output Shafts Transportation/Trucking True Position
Turbochargers Vertically Loaded Gages Width 911: Flexible Vertical Gage 1000:
Surface Roughness Gage 1000-Z: Optical Tactile Surface Finish 1100-GX: Glass
Linear Encoder 1200: Cylindrical Crankshaft/Camshaft Gage 1200-LX: Laser
Interferometer-Based Solution 1302: Compact Horizontal Gage 1304/1306:
Horizontal High-Speed Multi-Head Gage 1310: High Speed In-Line Measuring Gage
1310-S: High Speed Optical/Tactile Gage LightSCAN: Non-Contact Measurement
LightSCOPE: Optical Measurement System 3D Inspection Software Program Builder
Software S A L E S [email protected] S E R V I C E [email protected] G E N E R
A L [email protected] C A L L 508 485 9100 669 Forest Street Marlborough, MA
01752 T: 508 485 9100 F: 508 481 6142 [email protected] Latest News Adcole
Corporation to Highlight Optical Measurement Systems at IMTS 2018 August 28,
2018 Adcole Corporation Names New President and CEO February 6, 2018
Newsletter Name Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
LinksProducts Services About Contact Gage Division Aerospace Division © 2019
Adcole Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy |
Website Design Products All Products 911: Flexible Vertical Gage 1000: Surface
Roughness Gage 1000-Z: Optical Tactile Surface Finish 1100-GX: Glass Linear
Encoder 1200: Cylindrical Crankshaft/Camshaft Gage 1200-LX: Laser
Interferometer 1302: Compact Horizontal Gage 1304/1306: Horizontal High-Speed
Multi-Head Gage 1310: High Speed In-Line Measuring Gage 1310-S: High Speed
Optical/Tactile Gage LightSCAN: Non-Contact Measurement LightSCOPE: Optical
Measurement System 3D Inspection Software Program Builder Software Industries
Aerospace Automotive Heavy Diesel Equipment Industrial Locomotive Engine &
Rail Marine Power Generation Pumps Robotics Small Engine & Appliances
Transportation/Trucking Gage Types Crankshaft & Camshaft Measuring Machines
Custom Gages Gears & Transmission Shafts High-Precision-Gages Horizontally
Loaded Gages In-Line Gages Laser/Optical Non-contact Measuring Systems
Metrology Software + 3D Mapping Robot Loaded & Fully Automatic Gages Surface
Finish/Roughness Measuring Gages Vertically Loaded Gages Components Measured
Axles Camshafts Sliding Camshafts Crankshafts Eccentric Shafts Gears Heavy
Diesel Crankshafts & Camshafts Hydraulic Rings Pistons Precision Hydraulic
Cylinders Pump Lobes Robotic Shafts Transmission / Output Shafts Turbochargers
Parameters Measured Angularity Cam Lobe Lift Error Center Deviation Chatter
Concentricity Cylindricity Diameter Length Parallelism Perpendicularity
Profile Roundness Runout Straightness Surface Finish > Avg Max Height of
Profile Max Height of Profile Max Peak Depth of Profile Max Peak Height of
Profile RMS Roughness Roughness Average Taper Throw/Stroke MORE > Axial
Location Feature/Locator Presence Flatness True Position Width Services
Technical Support Training Gage Upgrades Recertification About Management
Customers Quality Certifications Resources Careers News Contact Adcole
Maryland [email protected] +1-508-485-9100 GET IN TOUCHShare this on
EmailShare this on TwitterShare this on FacebookGET A QUOTESCHEDULE DEMO