WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple Introduces Mysterious
Transition 1.0 July 22, 2008 at 8:51 am PT Tweet Share Print What sort of
product innovation would compel Apple to forecast a nearly five percent drop
in gross profit margin for its next quarter? That’s a question the Mac
faithful are asking themselves today after the company’s quarterly conference
call with investors Monday. According to Chief Financial Officer Peter
Oppenheimer, Apple (AAPL) is reining in its estimates for the final quarter of
the 2008 fiscal year because of a “future product transition.” Just what that
transition may be, Oppenheimer would not say, though he did offer that it will
involve “state-of-the-art new products that our competitors just aren’t going
to be able to match.” Later in the call, Apple Chief Operating Officer Tim
Cook elaborated a bit. “One of the investments we make is to introduce new
products that initially cost more because they deliver an entirely new level
of value to the customer,” Cook said. “Then we ride the cost curves down with
value engineering and volume manufacturing, leaving us far head of our
competitors. We have some of these types of investments in front of us that I
can’t discuss.” So again, what are these mysterious investments? Updates to
the MacBook and the iPod, most likely. Both lines are due for refreshing. “We
believe Apple is readying new iPods and new portables that will apply downward
margin pressure in the September quarter and into FY 09,” Piper Jaffray (PJC)
analyst Gene Munster wrote in a research note to clients. “We believe there is
an 80 percent chance Apple will introduce redesigned MacBooks and possibly new
MacBook Pros at lower price points. Specifically, Apple may re-enter the $999
price point (currently $1099)with the MacBook, or test the $1,799 price point
with the MacBook Pro (currently $1999). In addition, we expect slightly
redesigned iPods in the September quarter, with lower-cost touch-based iPods
for the holiday season. We believe Apple is getting slightly more aggressive
with its pricing; but overall, the company is not diverting from its strategy
of premium pricing.” Tagged with: Apple, Gene Munster, iPod, John Paczkowski,
Mac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, Peter Oppenheimer, Piper Jaffray, Tim Cook Late
Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at
10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good
Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest
Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook
Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version