WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski And Lo, Jobs Appeared and Said
"No, This Is the Best iPod Ever," and It Was, and There Was Much Rejoicing
September 8, 2009 at 6:37 am PT Tweet Share Print When Steve Jobs described
the iPhone at D5 as “the best iPod we’ve ever made,” he set the bar high for
future iterations of the iconic device. Now, in the run-up to tomorrow’s
invitation-only Apple event, the question is: Will Apple (AAPL) reach the bar?
And with what? The answer, if the latest rumors prove true, depends on your
feelings about iPods with cameras. Because according to reports, when Apple
refreshes its iPod touch and iPod nano players, both will feature cameras–the
nano’s for still images, the touch’s for photos and video. We may also see a
new price point for entry-level touch models, one intended to undermine
Microsoft’s (MSFT) forthcoming multitouch Zune with HD display and to really
juice App Store sales. Perhaps the 16GB touch at $199 and the 8GB at $150.
Beyond this, the event might also include the announcement of iTunes 9, said
to include some sort of social networking element; “Cocktail,” a new music
format that bundles full-length albums with art, video and other bells and
whistles; and perhaps even Blu-ray support (no Beatles, though). And after
that? Well, it’s tough to say. Apple’s never an easy read when it comes to
product announcements, even when there’s evidence floating around that would
seem to suggest otherwise. So join us tomorrow for live coverage of Apple’s
event to see if the above rumors prove true or if Apple’s got something else
entirely up its sleeve. The event kicks off at 10 am PDT. Tagged with: AAPL,
album, Apple, Beatles, Blu-ray, camera, Cocktail, digital, display,
entertainment, entry level, event, hardware, innovation, iPod, iPod touch,
iTunes 9, John Paczkowski, Microsoft, multitouch, music, Nano, photo, players,
price point, product announcement, rumors, sales, software, video, Zune HD
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version