Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Products &
Services Cellular Therapy CELLULAR THERAPY Advancing TCRs for cellular therapy
In our push to use the wisdom of the adaptive immune system to create a new
class of personalized therapeutics, we developed our TCR screening platform to
enable the discovery of TCRs against clinically relevant antigens at
unprecedented scale and accuracy. One investigational application of this
platform, called TruTCR, is used to identify TCRs that are sourced from blood
of healthy individuals and recognize naturally processed and presented cancer
antigens. This enables the development of cellular therapies using naturally
occurring TCRs against shared antigens. The Adaptive TCR drug discovery
platform can also be adapted to screen in real-time for naturally occurring,
patient-specific TCRs against a wide variety of neoantigens, offering the
potential of a truly personalized multi-target cellular therapy approach in
oncology. TruTCR Screening Technology TruTCR is an investigational, validated
end-to-end approach to screen at high sensitivity and specificity for
naturally-occurring TCRs against hundreds of antigens simultaneously followed
by characterization and selection of clinical-grade TCRs for therapeutic use.
INPUT Several hundreds of antigens are used in conjunction with cells from
healthy donor peripheral blood. This allows access to the massive diversity of
a healthy repertoire to identify superior, potent TCRs against naturally
processed and presented antigens. TCR IDENTIFICATION Candidate TCRs are first
identified using immunoSEQ and our patented MIRA (Multiplexed Identification
of T-cell Receptor Antigen Specificity) assay to select T-cell receptors that
effectively bind to any type of antigens that are processed and presented. We
then use our proprietary pairSEQ assay to create a complete sequence of both
chains of these clinical candidates. TCR PROFILING These TCRs are then
synthesized and further characterized using a robust suite of cellular
immunology assays including the assessment of TCR binding, cell killing, and
set of de-risking safety steps to rule out any off-target effects. Prioritized
TCRs are then developed by our partners into TCR-based cellular therapies
ready for use in IND enabling studies. Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667
Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses