Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us FDA Grants De
Novo Designation for Adaptive Biotechnologies’ clonoSEQ Assay to Detect and
Monitor Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) in Patients with Multiple Myeloma and
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia 09/28/2018 clonoSEQ is a first-in-class NGS assay
and the first and only FDA-cleared MRD assay for any lymphoid cancer SEATTLE,
Wa., September 28, 2018 – Adaptive Biotechnologies® announced today that the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted De Novo designation for
the clonoSEQ® Assay to detect and monitor minimal residual disease (MRD) in
patients with multiple myeloma (MM) and B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
(ALL) using DNA from a patient’s bone marrow sample. The clearance of clonoSEQ
marks several “firsts” for patients and for the FDA. The clonoSEQ Assay
represents a first-in-class MRD assay that uses next-generation sequencing
(NGS) technology to assess disease burden, representing an important
additional use of NGS in cancer. clonoSEQ is the first and only assay to be
cleared by the FDA for MRD assessment in any lymphoid cancer and the first
FDA-cleared diagnostic assay powered by immunosequencing. It is also a major
milestone for Adaptive Biotechnologies as the first regulatory clearance for
the company’s proprietary (NGS) platform for immune system profiling. Please
view the full multimedia press release here:
www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180928005655/en/FDA-Grants-De-Novo-
Designation-Adaptive-Biotechnologies%E2%80%99. MRD refers to the small number
of cancer cells that can remain in a patient’s body after treatment, which
often cause no signs or symptoms but eventually can lead to recurrence of the
disease. These residual cells can be present at very low levels and require
highly sensitive tests to identify them. Even very small amounts of MRD can
have a profound effect on treatment success and patient outcomes. A test that
can reliably determine the presence and amount of residual disease at very low
levels can be used by physicians in conjunction with other clinical
information to predict treatment outcomes, guide management decisions and
improve patient care. “MRD testing provides patients with real-time insights
about their response to therapy or the depth of their remission, therefore the
MMRF is deeply committed to this important advancement in patient care,” said
Paul Giusti, president and chief executive officer, Multiple Myeloma Research
Foundation (MMRF). “The sensitivity of the test is extremely important, as the
number of cells remaining after treatment has been linked to patient outcomes.
This clearance provides patients and physicians with access to a highly
sensitive, standardized MRD test that can be an important tool in guiding
treatment decisions.” There are more than 200,000 MM and ALL patients living
in the U.S., and more than 35,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. The
clonoSEQ Assay uses NGS to precisely identify and monitor MRD in these
patients throughout treatment and remission, with greater sensitivity than
other technologies for any given amount of bone marrow sample.1 Detecting MRD
with deep sensitivity can be clinically informative for the many patients
being treated for these cancers. “The FDA clearance of clonoSEQ is an
important advance for patients with MM and ALL and for the oncologists who
care for them. This milestone underscores the importance of MRD as a predictor
of patient outcomes,” said Aaron Logan, associate professor, Division of
Hematology and Blood and Marrow Transplant, UCSF. “Quantification of MRD
should be standard practice to assess response to treatment, monitor disease
progression and direct patient care. It is thus essential to have an MRD assay
that meets regulatory standards and can accurately and reliably measure and
track disease burden over time.” For patients who achieve complete response to
cancer treatment by traditional response criteria, the presence or absence of
MRD has been demonstrated to have a significant relationship with patient
outcomes.2 For this reason, many pharmaceutical companies have begun using MRD
as a clinically meaningful endpoint to evaluate efficacy and to guide use of
their therapies. “This year has been historic for the field of hematology,
with a paradigm-shifting FDA decision to approve the first therapy, BLINCYTO,
based on the MRD status of a patient with ALL, validating the clinical
relevance of MRD in ALL as a clinically meaningful endpoint,” said Greg
Friberg, M.D., vice president, Global Development, Oncology at Amgen. “Now,
physicians and patients will have access to the first FDA-cleared MRD assay,
providing them with another important tool to make informed decisions about
treatments to help achieve MRD negativity. We look forward to continuing our
collaboration with Adaptive Biotechnologies to further explore MRD and deliver
on our mission to serve patients through transformative science.” The recent
FDA review and approval of drugs with MRD included as a clinical endpoint, as
well as the agency’s inclusion of MRD on the recently released list of
surrogate endpoints that can serve as the basis of drug approvals, demonstrate
the clinical actionability of MRD and reinforce the need for an accurate and
standardized, FDA-cleared method like clonoSEQ.3,4 “The clearance of the
clonoSEQ Assay is an exciting advance for MM and ALL patients and physicians;
as MRD is increasingly used to inform treatment decisions, the importance of
having an accurate and standardized assessment method becomes paramount,” said
Chad Robins, chief executive officer and co-founder of Adaptive
Biotechnologies. “NGS MRD testing is already part of National Comprehensive
Cancer Network (NCCN) treatment guidelines for patients with MM, ALL, and CLL,
and clonoSEQ is already in use for patient management in the majority of NCCN
cancer centers, further demonstrating the clinical importance of MRD and
acceptance of NGS MRD testing by the oncology community. Adaptive is working
diligently with public and private payers to make clonoSEQ broadly available
to patients in need.” About Minimal Residual Disease Minimal residual disease
(MRD), also referred to as measurable residual disease, refers to cancer cells
that remain in the body after treatment for patients with lymphoid cancers.
These cells can be present at levels undetectable by traditional morphologic
methods, microscopic examination of blood, or a bone marrow or a lymph node
biopsy. MRD is used by physicians to detect and monitor disease burden in
patients and to inform their treatment decisions. Clinical practice guidelines
recommend assessing MRD at multiple time points during treatment and
maintenance in MM and ALL, and guidelines for both diseases include NGS as a
recommended testing method.5,6 The prognostic value of MRD assessment has been
demonstrated in multiple lymphoid cancers.7,8 Controlled trials have shown
that even small amounts of disease are profoundly significant for predicting a
patient’s long-term clinical outcomes.1,9,10,11,12 Therefore, highly
sensitive, standardized molecular technologies are needed for reliable
detection of MRD. Measurement of MRD is currently being evaluated as a way to
measure efficacy in drug trials, with the potential to expedite the approval
of emerging therapies.13 About the clonoSEQ® Assay The Adaptive
Biotechnologies clonoSEQ Assay has been granted De Novo designation by the FDA
as an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) to detect and monitor minimal residual disease
(MRD) in patients with multiple myeloma (MM) and B-cell acute lymphoblastic
leukemia (ALL) using DNA from bone marrow samples. It identifies and
quantifies specific DNA sequences found in malignant cells, allowing
clinicians to monitor patients for changes in disease burden during and after
treatment. This robust assay provides sensitive and accurate measurement of
residual disease that allows physicians to predict patient outcomes, assess
response to therapy over time, monitor patients during remission and detect
potential relapse. The clonoSEQ Assay is a single-site assay performed at
Adaptive Biotechnologies. It is also available as a CLIA-regulated laboratory
developed test (LDT) service for use in other lymphoid cancers. clonoSEQ was
reviewed under the FDA’s De Novo premarket review pathway, a regulatory
pathway for some low- to moderate-risk novel devices for which there is no
legally marketed predicate device. For important information about the FDA-
cleared uses of clonoSEQ, including the full intended use, limitations, and
detailed performance characteristics, please visit www.clonoSEQ.com/technical-
summary About Adaptive Biotechnologies Adaptive Biotechnologies is the pioneer
and leader in combining next-generation sequencing (NGS) and expert
bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors. Adaptive is bringing
the accuracy and sensitivity of its immunosequencing platform to researchers
and clinicians around the world to drive groundbreaking research in cancer and
other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive also translates immunosequencing
discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic development to improve
patient care. For more information, please visit adaptivebiotech.com. Adaptive
Biotechnologies does not endorse the use of any particular therapy. CONTACT:
Adaptive Biotechnologies Beth Keshishian (media) 917-912-7195
media@adaptivebiotech.com 1\. Perrot A, et al. Blood.
2018:blood-2018-06-858613. 2\. Martinez-Lopez J, et al. Blood.
2014;123(20):3073-9. 3\. BLINCYTO (blinatumomab) Full Prescribing Information.
Retrieved September 26, 2018
from:https://pi.amgen.com/~/media/amgen/repositorysites/pi-amgen-
com/blincyto/blincyto_pi_hcp_english.pdf 4\. DARZALEX (daratumumab) Full
Prescribing Information. Retrieved September 26, 2018
from:http://www.janssenlabels.com/package-insert/product-monograph/prescribin…
5\. NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology for Multiple Myeloma.
V.3.2018. 6\. NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology: Acute
Lymphoblastic Leukemia. Version 1.2018. 7\. Wu, D, et al. Clin Cancer Res.
201:20(17):4540-9. 8\. Korde N, et al. JAMA Oncol. 2015:1(6):746-54. 9\.
Dimopoulos MA, et al. N Engl J Med. 2016;375:1319-1331. 10\. Pulsipher M, et
al. Blood. 2015;125(22):3501-8. Adaptive Biotechnologies provided financial
support for this study 11\. Mannis GN, et al. Biol Blood Marrow Transplant.
2016;22:1030-1036. Adaptive Biotechnologies provided financial support for
this study. 12\. Logan AC, et al. Biol Blood Marrow Transplant.
2014;20(9):1307-13. Adaptive Biotechnologies provided financial support for
this study. Clinician has received compensation to participate in advisory
meetings sponsored by Adaptive. 13\. Avet-Loiseau H. Am Soc Clin Oncol Educ
Book. 2016; 35e425-30. Previous Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies
Announces a Collaboration With Sanofi to use Adaptive’s clonoSEQ® Assay to
Measure Minimal Residual Disease in Active and Future Isatuximab Multiple
Myeloma Trials 05/29/2018 Next Press Release A New Study Published in the
Journal Blood Demonstrates that Measuring Minimal Residual Disease Negativity
Using Adaptive Biotechnologies’ Next-Generation Sequencing Platform is a Major
Predictive Indicator in Multiple Myeloma 09/28/2018 Corporate/Research (855)
466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses