WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Facebook Gives Its PC Users Security Software
Deal–Just as Its Own Security Is Questioned January 12, 2010 at 10:29 pm PT
Tweet Share Print Facebook has unveiled an exclusive partnership with McAfee
to give its 350 million users–those who use PCs, that is–a free six-month
subscription to its security software. The deal with McAfee (MFE) comes at a
slightly odd time–coinciding with yesterday’s three-ring circus in the
blogosphere about an alleged employee at Facebook who claimed in an anonymous
interview that the social networking powerhouse was rife with internal
security abuses. BoomTown thought the report specious at best, but it
certainly brought up valid concerns that pop up regularly about consumer
security–especially viruses and spam–on Facebook and on the Internet at large.
This concern has been heightened by privacy controversies over Facebook’s new
policy of broadening availability of user data to the wider Web unless the
user takes action to prevent it. As Facebook grows, those worries will,
obviously, only become more pronounced. In any case, the offer with McAfee is
also an interesting one in that Facebook certainly has a great audience for
all kinds of companies to market to. It’s nice that the first one is so
sensible. According to a McAfee press release, its software “will be available
to Facebook users in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Italy, Germany, the
Netherlands, Spain, France, Canada, Mexico and Brazil. Numerous additional
countries will be added throughout Q1.” Here is the Facebook blog post on the
deal, as well as the McAfee press release below it: Better Security through
Software One of the best defenses against security threats is a good offense,
and we want to help you take the offensive by having the latest security
software installed on your computer. Today, we are announcing a one-year
partnership with McAfee to offer all 350 million people who use Facebook the
ability to download a six-month subscription to McAfee security software at no
cost, along with a special discount once the six months are over. You can take
advantage of this offer by visiting the “Protect Your PC” tab on the McAfee
Page on Facebook. We’re committed to doing everything we can to help you
protect your account and make your experience on Facebook as safe and
enjoyable as possible. We invest in dedicated teams and advanced technical
systems that detect and block suspicious behavior. When we find a message with
a link to a fake login page or other malicious website, we prevent it from
being sent and delete all instances of it from the site. We also work with
third parties to get malicious sites added to browser blacklists or removed
completely. For the rare case in which an account is compromised, we’ve
developed a unique process that requires the account owner to take steps to
secure the account and learn security best practices. We’ve also incorporated
custom McAfee software into this process for people identified as having
infected computers. Now, if your computer is infected, you will be asked to
run a scan and clean it before accessing Facebook. We’re not aware of another
free Internet service that takes this much responsibility for helping its
users keep their accounts secure. We have a lot of control over security
measures on Facebook. However, we don’t control other websites and services
you visit that might infect your computer. For this reason, we recommend that
you install updated security software, which you can now do at no cost through
this partnership, and that you always follow these safe practices: -Don’t open
attachments in emails that look suspicious or come from an unknown or
untrustworthy source. -Don’t open attachments unless you know what they are,
even if they’re from friends. -Delete chain mail and spam from your email and
Facebook inboxes. -Be cautious when downloading files from the Internet. -Be
cautious of any message, post or link you see on Facebook that looks
suspicious, requires an additional login, or asks you to download or upgrade
software. -Use an up-to-date browser that features an anti-phishing blacklist.
Some examples include Internet Explorer 8 and Firefox 3.0.10. -Choose unique
logins and passwords for each of the websites you use. -Check to see that
you’re logging in from a legitimate Facebook page with the facebook.com
domain. Become a fan of the Facebook Security Page to receive more tips,
updates on the latest threats and other information to help you protect your
computer and online accounts. SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(Business Wire) Today
McAfee, Inc. (NYSE:MFE), the world’s leading dedicated security company, and
Facebook announced an unprecedented collaboration that will provide additional
security protection to a significant portion of the Internet population.
Through this partnership, the two companies have jointly created security
solutions that include McAfee security software, a custom scanning and repair
tool, and consumer friendly education materials that Facebook will make
available to its more than 350 million users. In total, this is a first-of-
its-kind security offering that represents a major milestone in the fight to
secure the Internet and reduce global cybercrime. Under the terms of the
partnership, McAfee is Facebook’s exclusive provider of consumer security
software, and Facebook users will be eligible for a complimentary six-month
subscription of the McAfee Internet Security™ Suite software. Following the
six-month period, Facebook users will be eligible for special discount
subscription pricing. Facebook is applying all financial incentives from this
partnership to the benefit of its users and will not be taking a share of any
revenue from user subscriptions. McAfee Internet Security Suite software
protects users’ PCs from online threats, viruses, spyware, hackers, online
scammers, identity thieves and other cybercriminals, and includes award-
winning McAfee® SiteAdvisor® site rating technology. In the rare instance a
Facebook account is compromised, Facebook has developed an innovative process
that requires users to take steps to re-secure their Facebook account and
learn security best practices. As part of this partnership, this process will
now also include custom McAfee technology to clean users’ computers. There is
no charge for use of this tool. To keep users educated about the latest
threats, Facebook and McAfee will work together to develop educational content
for the Facebook Security Page (http://www.facebook.com/security), Facebook’s
principal resource for security-related information with more than one million
fans. McAfee will also continuously update its own Facebook Page
(www.facebook.com/mcafee), which features the offer on the “Protect Your PC”
tab as well as security information on “Protect Your Kids” and “Security
Notes” tabs. “Facebook is very serious about security and has made significant
efforts to protect its users and service by investing in dedicated teams and
sophisticated systems, and this partnership with McAfee furthers that
mission,” said Todd Gebhart, executive vice president and general manager,
McAfee Consumer, Mobile and Small Business. “We believe our partnership will
make a real difference in the battle to secure the Internet by giving so many
more people access to industry leading technology from McAfee.” Facebook
selected McAfee after a competitive review process among the leading security
vendors. McAfee is rated the number one vendor in threat detection,1 and
McAfee Active Protection™ technology provides protection by blocking both
known and unknown online threats almost instantly. Research has shown that up
to 78 percent of consumers do not have updated anti-virus, an enabled firewall
and anti-spyware, and 48 percent of them have expired anti-virus, the most
fundamental protection2. So many people without even the most basic protection
for their computers are an obvious risk to themselves, but also to people with
whom they interact online. Thea greement between McAfee and Facebook is
designed to address this problem. “By partnering with a market leader like
McAfee, we are taking an unprecedented step towards making the entire Internet
more secure and reducing the possibility of threats being brought onto our
service by unsuspecting users,” said Elliot Schrage, vice president of global
communications, marketing and public policy, Facebook. “Keeping the Internet
secure requires that users, security vendors and Internet companies all work
together. We think we’ve developed an excellent model for this collaboration,
and to ensure the greatest possible value to our users, Facebook will not
accept any revenue from subscriptions. We hope this is something that other
services will emulate.” Upon launch, McAfee Internet Security Suite software
will be available to Facebook users in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Italy,
Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, France, Canada, Mexico and Brazil. Numerous
additional countries will be added throughout Q1. 1 Av-Test.org malware
detection results published in Computerbild magazine (Issue 26 12/05/09) 2
Source: 2007 McAfee-National Cyber Security Alliance Online Safety Study
Tagged with: blogosphere, BoomTown, consumer, data, deal, digital, Facebook,
Internet, interview, Kara Swisher, McAfee, partnership, PC, privacy, Protect
Your PC, security, security feature, social networking, spam, subscription,
user, virus You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT
Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1
… December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Just as the atom bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war
obsolete, the Internet seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-
destructive genius, an economic doomsday device rendering it impossible for
anyone to ever make a profit off anything again. It’s especially hopeless for
those whose work is easily digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim
Kreider on not getting paid for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version