WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Qualcomm CEO Paul Jacobs Live
at D8 June 2, 2010 at 3:25 pm PT Tweet Share Print Qualcomm may not be a
household name, but it probably should be. The company commercialized the CDMA
mobile standard and its chips can be found in many of today’s smartphones. If
things play out as CEO Paul Jacobs would like, Qualcomm (QCOM) chips will soon
be showing up in a wide variety of consumer electronics devices as well. As
Jacobs said at the Consumer Electronics Show earlier this year, “consumer
electronics devices will essentially be phones inside–different shapes,
different software, but fundamentally, inside they’ll be phones.” With its
latest chips, which ably bridge the performance gap between smartphones and
larger devices like netbooks and tablets, Qualcomm is delivering on Jacobs’s
prediction. And that is increasingly putting the company at odds with some
formidable rivals in the ultramobile computing market–Intel (INTC), for
example. Liveblog 3:28 pm: Off to a bit of a late start here. The interview
should begin momentarily. 3:31 pm: A few quick words of introduction from
Walt, who notes that most of the folks in the audience have likely used
Qualcomm products at one time or another, and Jacobs takes the stage. 3:32 pm:
Walt–You make chips, right? Jacobs: We ship 36 chips every second for
cellphones around the world. These chips handle radio communications,
Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, all sorts of things. They essentially run mobile phones.
3:33 pm: Jacobs–Does anyone in this room have a simple GSMA phone? [No one
does.] Then you’re all using our intellectual property. 3:35 pm: Some
discussion of licensees. Jacobs notes that Foxconn is among them. 3:35 pm:
Walt: Typically, your technology is buried in these devices, but now you’re
introducing something that will be out front. Jacobs says the company is
working on a new display technology that uses the same thing a butterfly’s
wing uses to make color. Because it’s reflective in that way, you can see it
outside and in bright light. It does color and it does video. This isn’t a lab
project. We’ve got a fab [fabrication], and it’s being developed. Walt wonders
when we’ll see it. Jacobs says Qualcomm hopes to get it to its partners next
year. 3:37 pm: The display is called Mirasol, and it employs a bunch of tiny
mirrors to display images. Jacobs has brought a demo with him, and the display
does seem impressive, certainly a big improvement over today’s e-ink. 3:39 pm:
Walt–Unlike a Kindle, this thing has color, plays video and better battery
life. Jacobs: If we’re using a still image outdoors, the battery will last for
a very long time–it uses very little power. If we’re running stuff, animations
for example, it won’t run quite as long. But it will still be a significant
improvement over what we see in devices like the Kindle and iPad today. 3:41
pm: Walt–What about downsizing these screens? Will they work on cellphones?
Jacobs says they will. In fact, Qualcomm is working with someone to develop a
watch that uses it. Walt: And this can support multitouch? Jacobs: Yes. The
display, because its MEMS technology, there are other things we can integrate
into it–antennas and whatnot. 3:43 pm: Walt–So will this be a Qualcomm reader
or will you build it for someone else? Jacobs: We’ll be developing this for
partners 3:44 pm: So why did you get out of the device business, asks Walt.
Jacobs: Because we sucked at it. I just said, you know this is not our core
competency. So today we’re focused on chips. Technology is moving so quickly
these days that if you’re not focused, you just end up doing things badly.
We’re very focused on the chip business. 3:45 pm: Walt–You’ve jumped into the
brains of the phone business, yes? Jacobs: Yes we have. It’s called Snapdragon
and its a microprocessor that uses ARM. These are very lower-power chipsets.
3:47 pm: Walt–But these chips are going into high-power devices. They can’t
have wimpy processors. Jacobs agrees and notes that Qualcomm is developing
multicore processors for smartphones. “You think about the phone, why do you
need the phone to turn on to do stuff? You don’t need to turn on the entire
user interface to do something like email. So we’re managing power very
carefully to extend usage time.” 3:49 pm: Walt–Is Intel (INTC) your biggest
competitor? Jacobs: That depends. Intel is on the high end. There are other
smaller companies though that are low-end threats. Walt: Do you power
BlackBerrys? Jacobs: The Verizon (VZ) Blackberrys run our chips. 3:50 pm: Walt
asks for Jacobs’s thoughts on Intel’s “Intel Inside” campaign, which made the
company a known brand. Has Qualcomm considered doing something similar?
Jacobs: You know we have Qualcomm Stadium, says Jacobs. And sometimes people
think we make beer, not chips. The truth of the matter is, I sell to the
manufacturers and the operators, but we don’t sell directly to the consumer,
so a big branding campaign like that isn’t a big concern. 3:53 pm:
Conversation moves on to Qualcomm’s FlowTV service. Walt notes that it hasn’t
really been successful, and Jacobs agrees. But he adds that it has great
potential for the future, particularly in terms of broadcasting information to
smartphones, a la PointCast. 3:56 pm: Jacobs: Today when you think about
FlowTV, you think about cable TV on your phone. Tomorrow, it will be more of a
data service. 3:57 pm: Walt–Obviously, we’re heading toward a bandwidth
congestion problem. Is there a solution? Jacobs: Fixing the backhaul problem
already helps. We’re now going to more and wider spectrum, and that helps as
well. Fourth generation will feel like you’re getting a better experience as a
user. The big issue, though, is getting more access to spectrum, moving people
off of it. Adding additional Wi-Fi access points that are integrated into the
cellular network will help as well. Walt: Is it a good trade-off in our
country to reallocate the broadcast spectrum? Jacobs: That’s a tough question
because there are people who still use it. Q & A Q: Qualcomm seems to be
involved in a lot of sensor work. Can you talk about that? A: One of the
things we’re involved in is the development of sensors, sensors that can be
stuck onto your body and can talk to your phone. Glucose monitors, for
example. But battery life is very important here. So we’re spending a lot of
effort developing these technologies for health care with that in mind. Q: Can
you compare SnapDragon to Apple’s A4? A: I don’t know a lot about that because
we haven’t done a tear-down of Apple’s (AAPL) processor. Q: Can you talk about
your BREW [binary runtime environment for wireless] OS and where it might be
heading? A: We actually have a lot of demand for it now. In addition to
Verizon, it’s going into AT&T; (T) and into Chinese operators. HTC actually
just built a phone that’s BREW-based. If you had asked me a couple of years
ago, I would have said BREW was headed to emerging markets. Now I think it’s
headed to the low-end of the high-end market. Q: Do you think there are other
areas in which your technology might be used, education, for example? A:
Jacobs notes an experiment in education where one classroom was given
cellphones running Qualcomm tech and others weren’t, and the group with the
phones showed a marked improvement in its grades. “The cellphone is humanity’s
biggest platform. If we can’t use it to change education or health care, then
shame on us.” A note about our coverage: This liveblog is not an official
transcript of the conversation that occurred onstage. Rather, it is a
compilation of quotes, paraphrased statements and ad-lib observations written
and posted to the Web as quickly as possible. It is not intended as a
transcript and should not be interpreted as one. Tagged with: A4, Apple, ARM,
AT&T;, battery, binary runtime environment for wireless, BlackBerry,
Bluetooth, brand, BREW, broadcast, CDMA, cellphone, chip, chips, chipset,
consumer electronics, Consumer Electronics Show, digital, display, e-ink,
FlowTV, Foxconn, GSMA, hardware, health care, HTC, innovation, Intel,
Internet, interview, iPad, John Paczkowski, Kindle, MEMS, microprocessor,
Mirasol, multicore, multitouch, netbook, OS, Paul Jacobs, Paul Jacobs D8,
performance, phone, platform, PointCast, processor, Qualcomm, sensor,
smartphone, Snapdragon, software, spectrum, standard, tablet, telecom,
Verizon, video, Walt Mossberg, Wi-Fi Late Start May Be Tempering China
Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking
December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December
29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update
December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This
Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT D8 Conference All D Conferences Coverage
Location Media Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Videos Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7
D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010
Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference
Mailing List Sign up for News about D Conferences Subscribe AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version