WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Jason Del Rey ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @DelRey Recent
Posts by Jason Del Rey Either Ugly Sweaters Are Still In, or Amazon Is Very
Late to the Party November 27, 2013 at 10:09 am PT Tweet Share Print The
author in his ugly sweater, circa 2009. The last time I went to a so-called
“ugly sweater” holiday party, the year was 2009. And even then, the party
theme already seemed old (though you couldn’t tell by the look on my face).
But, alas, either ugly sweaters are making a comeback, or their (dare I call
it) popularity never really faded at all. This year’s example: Amazon.com has
created an Ugly Christmas Sweater page within its Clothing category, marking
the first time the Seattle-based retailer has done so, according to spokesman
Scott Stanzel. The e-commerce marketplace has also bought up a bunch of
keyword ads on Google for terms such as “ugly sweaters,” “ugly Christmas
sweaters” and “ugly holiday sweaters.” Target.com has also paid to have its
own ugly sweaters show up in the paid-ad box on Google alongside Amazon — also
a first, according to spokesman Eddie Baeb. Even British online retailer ASOS
is trying to get in on the action, snagging some ads atop certain related
search queries. It seems, then, that perhaps I’ve just gotten too old to
appreciate a good fad, especially if you trust this comment from a retail
analyst Reuters spoke to. “This is going to be a Christmas of ugly sweaters,”
she told Reuters. “That’s the hip thing now; bad sweaters are so cool.” I’m
okay with being uncool. Tagged with: Amazon, Target, ugly Christmas sweaters,
ugly holiday sweaters, ugly sweater party, ugly sweaters That Giant Bitcoin
Crash in the Wake of China Restrictions? It Never Happened. December 30, 2013
at 8:00 am PT This Is What It Looks Like Inside an Amazon Warehouse (Photos)
December 23, 2013 at 7:30 am PT A New Perk for Google Employees? It Could Be
Low-Interest Personal Loans. December 22, 2013 at 12:03 pm PT By Setting Debit
Limits Following Target Breach, Chase Looking Out for Itself, Too December 22,
2013 at 8:03 am PT As Amazon’s Stock Hits All-Time High, Warehouse Issues
Under Scrutiny December 21, 2013 at 3:00 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version