WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka What Eight Million Livestreams Really Means October 15,
2012 at 3:00 am PT Tweet Share Print That crazy leap that Felix Baumgartner
made was astonishing. And if you’re interested in the future of Web video,
YouTube’s ability to serve up eight million livestreams at the same time is a
really big deal, too. As I noted yesterday, that number blows away YouTube’s
previous peak of 500,000 concurrent streams, which it hit this summer during
the Olympics, as well as last year during the royal wedding of Prince William
and Kate Middleton. So it doesn’t take much imagination to envision YouTube
doing this kind of stuff, at this scale, on a regular basis. Which would mean
the Web finally has a chance to rival TV when it comes to serving up live
events with huge audiences — one of TV’s last remaining advantages over the
Internet. That won’t happen anytime soon, though. Death-defying jumps from
outer space aside, there are only a few live events that millions of people
want to watch at the same time. Basically, a handful of award shows like the
Oscars, and big-time sports. Even if YouTube wanted to pay up to get its hands
on that programming, it’s going to have to wait, because the TV guys have the
rights locked up for a long time. The next set of NFL deals, for instance,
won’t be available for a decade. But YouTube is still going to be an important
platform for live stuff. It’s just that you probably won’t see most of it,
unless you’re in a very particular niche. Here’s some of the stuff YouTube has
streamed live in the last year or so: A concert from Psy, the “Gangnam style”
guy A concert from AKB48, a Japanese girl group A bunch of EDM shows (that’s
“DJs playing music for big crowds,” for the rest of us) A concert by Jay-Z at
the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn A World of Warcraft launch event, which
featured gamers playing Mists of Pandaria around the world A bunch of solar
and lunar eclipses None of these shows drew more than a couple-hundred-
thousand concurrent viewers, which would make them the equivalent of a poorly
rated cable TV show. And that makes sense: Since the Internet has trained us
to watch anything we want, whenever we want to, why do we have to watch when
everyone else does? (A semi-secret about the live video streaming that news
sites like the New York Times, The Wall Street Journal* and the Huffington
Post do, for instance: Almost all the viewing comes after the fact, via on-
demand clips.) On the other hand, as YouTube proved conclusively yesterday, it
can now mount this stuff without breaking a sweat. Now it’s basically a plug-
and-play option for any grown-up company that wants to do business with
Google. And YouTube is going to make it increasingly available to the rest of
us, too. That’s the result of a year of around-the-clock work by a couple-
dozen YouTube engineers, to prep the video site for the Olympics in July.
YouTube software engineering director Jason Gaedtke,who oversaw that effort,
says the livestreams the company put out during the Olympics were seven times
better than the standard video-on-demand stuff YouTube puts out everyday. His
team is now applying the lessons it learned from that effort, and using it to
upgrade YouTube’s video more broadly. So, yes. If someone else wants to grab
the world’s attention by breaking the sound barrier aided only by gravity,
you’ll be able to watch it alongside a global audience of millions. But the
future of live video on YouTube is probably going to look like something else:
You and several thousand other people, watching something most of the world
doesn’t care about. And that can be thrilling in its own way. *The Journal is
owned by News Corp., which also owns this Web site. Tagged with: AKB48, Felix
Baumgartner, gangnam style, Google, Huffington Post, Jay-Z, live Web video,
lunar eclipse, New York Times, News Corp., Olympics, PSY, Red Bull Stratos,
Royal Wedding, solar eclipse, Stratos, streaming video, Wall Street Journal,
Web video, World of Warcraft, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter
While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24,
2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at
11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings.
December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug
December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on
Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20,
2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version