WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Exclusive: Dan Rosensweig Steps Up to Take His
Licks as Guitar Hero Frontman March 22, 2009 at 6:54 pm PT Tweet Share Print
Former Yahoo COO and current Quadrangle Group partner Dan Rosensweig (pictured
here) will take over as CEO and president of Activision Blizzard’s powerful
Guitar Hero franchise, according to sources close to the situation. Rosensweig
will run the hot gaming company’s division, which is located in Silicon
Valley, the result of its purchase of RedOctane in 2006, source said. He is
well known to Activision (ATVI) Chairman and CEO Bobby Kotick, who served on
the Yahoo board for many years when Rosensweig was a key exec there. Both
Rosensweig and Kotick have since left Yahoo. It’s an interesting move for
Rosensweig, who has been working in private equity since his departure from
Yahoo (YHOO) in late 2006. His name has been bandied about for several high-
profile Web positions of late, and many thought he might take a political job,
given that he was one of many digital execs involved in helping elect
President Barack Obama. But the weak market for investments and Rosensweig’s
longtime experience and interest in eventually returning to operations–along
with his well-known passion for music–are the likeliest motivators for the
move to Guitar Hero. Sources said Rosensweig will start his new job at Guitar
Hero–which Activision could announce as early as tomorrow–in several weeks.
Running a major consumer brand like Guitar Hero seems tailor-made for
Rosensweig, who worked at CNET Networks and Ziff-Davis before Yahoo. In
addition, the jovial exec is well-respected in Silicon Valley, giving
Activision a much more prominent presence here. And the energetic Kotick
(pictured below with me and, yes, Paula Abdul of “American Idol”–don’t ask)
has long talked about turbocharging the largely retail Guitar Hero business
online, as a way to further grow the music phenom. User-generated music, as
well as a plethora of online transactions and social networking, have been
promising new revenue opportunities, Kotick has said. (See video highlights of
my interview with Kotick below on that topic and more at last year’s D: All
Things Digital conference.) Overall, despite the weak economy and a cautious
forecast going forward, the Santa Monica, Calif.-based Activision is growing,
with revenues up in the last quarter, due in large part to the popularity of
its Guitar Hero and Call of Duty videogames. Its fast pace, in contrast to
rival Electronic Arts (ERTS), has been helped by its merger with Vivendi SA’s
Blizzard Entertainment last summer. Blizzard’s World of Warcraft online game
is also one of the most popular multiplayer games in the world. Here’s a
highlights video from my interview with Kotick at D6: Tagged with: Activision
Blizzard, Barack Obama, Bobby Kotick, BoomTown, California, Call of Duty, CNET
Networks, D: All Things Digital, Dan Rosensweig, digital, econalypse,
Electronic Arts, entertainment, game, gaming, Guitar Hero, hardware, Internet,
interview, Kara Swisher, multi-player, music, private equity, Quadrangle
Group, RedOctane, Santa Monica, Silicon Valley, social networking, video,
videogame, Vivendi SA, World of Warcraft, Yahoo, Ziff Davis You Say Goodbye
and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference
Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24
pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT D6 Conference All D Conferences Coverage
Media Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe They used to point their finger at IBM and laugh. Now
they’ve become the thing they despised.— Bill Hill, a former manager at
Microsoft, to Kurt Eichenwald in the August issue of Vanity Fair AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version