WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in
Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Tweet Share Print While cellphone
networks have managed to cover large swaths of the six most-populated
continents, making a call from Antarctica isn’t so easy. Now, though,
researchers in parts of Antarctica have a mobile communication option that
goes beyond pricey satellite phones. A new system from Range Networks allows
researchers to use ordinary cellphones to connect with one another, and even
to the rest of the world, thanks to a satellite connection located at the base
station. The system replaces what essentially were walkie-talkies that were
used by researchers when away from their desks. And, unlike a satellite-only
approach, the Range Networks system keeps the researchers connected to one
another, regardless of whether there is a satellite signal. “If there is any
loss of connectivity to the outside world, the group can still talk to one
another,” said Jacob Winkler, who heads sales and business development for
Range Networks. The system, which can handle 400 mobile phones (along with 800
desktop-based IP phones), is also designed to handle data traffic from various
sensors. While Antarctica presents some unique challenges, Range Networks is
using basically the same approach it has gone with to connect other remote
corners of the globe, including Oaxaca, Mexico; Papua, Indonesia; and parts of
southern Zambia. Among the hallmarks of the Range Networks approach is its use
of off-the-shelf GSM cellphones and the open-source software known as OpenBTS
that runs on its base stations. The Antarctic project began roughly a year ago
on Macquarie Island, with plans now in place to expand to the Antarctic
mainland as well as to those aboard a steel-hulled research vessel. Tagged
with: Antarctic, Antarctica, ATD Facebook, cellphones, GSM, OpenBTS, PBX,
Range Networks, VOIP Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013
Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer
Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT
BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker
December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as
Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version