WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Why ADP Is the Biggest Cloud Company You’ve
Never Heard Of October 2, 2011 at 6:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print Take a look at
your last paycheck. If you work in the U.S., there’s a one in six chance that
somewhere on it, or on the stub, you’ll find the logo of a company you’ve
probably never heard of, never given much thought to, but which plays a
significant role in the day-to-day lives of many companies around the world.
It’s called ADP, and it’s a $10 billion (fiscal 2011 sales) outfit that
processes the paychecks received last year by some 33 million people around
the world — and which processed some $1.2 trillion in payments to workers in
the U.S. And it does almost all of it in the cloud. Long before companies like
Salesforce.com and Amazon popularized “the cloud” as the important technology
force shaping business, before we even had the phrase “software as a service,”
ADP was selling its clients on a service that in hindsight sounds very
“cloudy.” Rather than shoulder the cost associated with running a payroll on
their own, companies large and small would hire ADP to take that business
function on for them, on a contract basis. “If you go back enough years, we
were known as a ‘service bureau,'” says ADP’s CIO Mike Capone. “It was all run
off a mainframe. Payrolls would come in on a Monday or a Tuesday, and
paychecks would go out on a Friday. That was the model.” And though for a time
it sold some traditional software, by early last decade ADP starting pushing
its customers toward the Internet, with no software to install or manage on-
site. It was so logical that no one really gave it any thought, Capone says.
In the same way it made sense to outsource payroll to a third party, it also
made sense to do it without selling any software, but rather let customers run
it via the Web. “Back then, it was just obvious that this was the way to do
it,” Capone says. “And so we just did it this way.” And so it has been for
years. About half of ADP’s revenue comes from payroll services; the other half
from other things — benefits, human resources, time and attendance management,
taxes — that any business with more than, say, two employees, needs to varying
degrees. And ADP’s 570,000 clients run the gamut from tiny mom-and-pops to
huge global companies, and more than 200,000 are cloud-based clients. Among
ADP’s bigger customers are giants like Sodexo, Alcoa and Swiss Re. Its rivals
run the gamut, too. There’s Paychex in the payroll business; SuccessFactors
and Workday in various bits of the human capital management business. Lawson
and SAP and even Oracle’s PeopleSoft unit overlap with other parts of its
business. However, on Monday, ADP is doubling down on the cloud with what it’s
describing as a “big bet” product that brings its entire stack of service
offerings into one. The company has dubbed it “Vantage,” and it is essentially
aimed at unifying payroll, recruiting, talent management, benefits and a batch
of other things that businesses large and small need on a day-to-day basis,
into a single cloud service. The company says it spent $600 million and 18
months researching and building it, and will announce it at a conference in
Las Vegas. I talked with Don Weinstein, a senior vice president at ADP’s
headquarters in Roseland, N.J., recently. He told me that often companies get
all these services from different vendors. The result is that data from one
application ends up being trapped, because there’s no easy to way to move it
into a related application from another vendor. The result is a messy kludge
of in-house combinations that have been integrated, often badly. And all these
processes have costs. A study by PricewaterhouseCoopers found that large
companies spend an average $1,400 per employee per year on things like
payroll, workforce administration, time and attendance, and health benefits,
and at midsized companies of between 100 and 1,000 employees, the costs reach
nearly $2,000 per employee per year. They’re also the kind of processes that
any self-respecting CIO will want to make more efficient or less costly. The
aim with Vantage, Weinstein says, is to give businesses a single vendor and a
single stack of services they can use with all these processes, and with the
data shared easily across applications. The result, he hopes, is that
businesses will like what they see and start using more of ADP’s stuff, and
add on other services over time. “We’re expecting to sell a broader array of
product,” he says. “Half our business still comes just from payroll. But our
intent is to offer this one integrated solution, and win a bigger share of
their wallet.” I also saw a demo, and while it’s not exactly as exciting as
seeing the demo of the latest iPhone, you can see how it might make the lives
of people in the back office of many companies easier. As with any SaaS
application, all the data is stored in a single database, and everything runs
through a common browser. Years of analysis of business processes has given it
some idea of how things tend to flow in companies, and so it suggests logical
next steps in every process. It works along the same lines that Amazon does
when it suggests books you might like based on the last one you bought or
looked at. If you just added a new employee — say, in the job of a janitor —
your next logical step may be to order him a uniform, so the system will
suggest you do so, and take you to the process for doing that. Add a new sales
exec, and you are guided to enable his or her access to company sales and
performance tools. Not exactly riveting stuff, but if you run a company, it’s
all very necessary. Necessary enough that analysts covering ADP’s stock say it
will grow its annual sales to about $11.4 billion. That’s a serious cloud.
Tagged with: ADP, benefits, benefits administration, cloud computing, cloud
computing feature, compensation management, enterprise, enterprise software,
human capital management, human resources, paychecks, paychex, payroll,
performance management, recruitment, Salesforce.com, Sodexho Group, succession
planning, talent-management, time and labor management Apple Denies Working
with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm
PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT
CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version