WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Verizon iPhone 47 posts and columns on Verizon iPhone All Writers
Kara Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina
Fried Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie
Cha Jason Del Rey Verizon Wireless CTO David Small on LTE, Launch of the
iPhone Ina Fried in Mobile on September 2, 2011 at 7:02 am PT Verizon CTO
David Small on how Verizon prepared for the iPhone, why it isn’t rushing to
shift voice calling over to LTE, and more. Verizon Android Users Probably Just
Holding Out for iPhone 5 John Paczkowski in Mobile on June 21, 2011 at 4:31 am
PT If the debut of the iPhone on Verizon didn’t trigger quite the mass exodus
of Android users some had expected, it could be because the carrier is more of
a stronghold for Google’s mobile OS than anyone expected. But there might be
another reason, as well. Apple Leapfrogs Motorola and HTC to Become No. 3
Phone Seller in U.S. Ina Fried in Mobile on April 28, 2011 at 10:12 am PT
Buoyed by the launch of the Verizon iPhone, Apple gained nine points of
smartphone market share in the first quarter and became the third-largest
seller of phones in the U.S. overall, according to new figures from NPD.
Meanwhile, for the first time, more than half of U.S. consumers opted for a
smartphone when buying a new handset. Apple Blows It Out…Again John Paczkowski
in Mobile on April 20, 2011 at 1:31 pm PT Apple’s March quarter saw, among
other things, the iPhone’s debut on Verizon, the launch of the iPad 2 and the
new Thunderbolt-equipped MacBook Pro line. No wonder it was a blowout. IPhone
5 Will Be the Real Test of Apple's Strength on Verizon John Paczkowski in News
on April 15, 2011 at 4:35 am PT How much of an effect has the February debut
of the long-awaited Verizon iPhone 4 had on Apple’s bottom line? Probably not
as big a one as the Verizon iPhone 5. Apple Aims to Squash Pair of Bugs With
Latest iOS Update Ina Fried in Mobile on April 14, 2011 at 11:49 pm PT The
iPhone maker offered an update on Thursday aimed to address two recent bugs
causing problems for some using the latest versions of Apple’s latest phone
and tablet software. It also released security updates for the Mac and for the
Verizon iPhone. Android Provides More Eyeballs to Advertisers, While iPhone
Offers Most Revenue to App Creators, Study Finds Ina Fried in Mobile on April
14, 2011 at 3:00 am PT It’s one thing to measure the number of smartphones
sold of each given brand or operating system. But adding up sheer numbers
doesn’t always indicate how big the opportunity is for either app developers
or advertisers. New figures from Millennial Media indicate that the Android
remains king of the heap when it comes to a vehicle for delivering ads, while
the iPhone remains tops when it comes to making money for developers. White
iPhone 4 Really, Really Coming This Time, Bloomberg Says Ina Fried in Mobile
on April 13, 2011 at 4:26 pm PT Apple’s long-promised hue may be landing in
the coming weeks, according to a report on Wednesday. Bloomberg says a blanc
iPhone 4 will be made available on both Verizon and AT&T;’s networks. Verizon
iPhone Users Report Far Fewer Dropped Calls, Survey Says Ina Fried in Mobile
on April 5, 2011 at 3:45 pm PT A new study shows that Verizon and AT&T; iPhone
customers are both quite satisfied with their smartphone, but that among
iPhone owners planning to buy another Apple phone, considerably more want to
go with Verizon rather than AT&T.; Verizon iPhone Was February’s Most Popular
Phone Model, comScore Says Ina Fried in Mobile on April 1, 2011 at 3:15 pm PT
Android continued to grow its share of the smartphone market, but Apple
outpaced all other individual hardware makers in the cell phone business amid
strong sales of the Verizon iPhone. Overall, more people are browsing the Web
and using apps on their phone as the smartphone market continues to grow
rapidly, comScore said. Want Unlimited Data for Your Verizon iPhone? Better
Hurry. Ina Fried in Mobile, March 1, 2011 at 12:24 pm PT Verizon iPhone Lines
Inversely Proportional to Verizon iPhone Rumors John Paczkowski in Mobile,
February 10, 2011 at 9:25 am PT Hello World (iPhone) John Paczkowski in
Mobile, February 8, 2011 at 4:00 am PT 2011 Forecast Calls for 76 Million
iPhones With Chance of 32 Million iPads John Paczkowski in Mobile, February 7,
2011 at 8:18 am PT ATT Swings Back at Verizon, Showing How Its iPhone Is Great
for Procrastinators Ina Fried in Mobile, February 4, 2011 at 3:28 pm PT
Verizon to Butcher Speeds of Data Hogs John Paczkowski in Mobile, February 3,
2011 at 2:00 pm PT Verizon Upholds Tradition of Bumpy iPhone Launch John
Paczkowski in Mobile, February 3, 2011 at 8:30 am PT ATT Pulls Out All the
Stops as Verizon Starts Taking iPhone Pre-Orders Ina Fried in Mobile, February
3, 2011 at 3:00 am PT Citing Unprecedented Demand, Verizon Asks Employees to
Hold Off Buying iPhones Best Buy Will Sell Verizon iPhone at Launch NPD:
Windows Phone 7 Off to a Slow Start, While Android Continues to Gain Ina Fried
in Mobile, January 31, 2011 at 10:36 am PT 90 Percent of AT&T; iPhone Subs
Still Under Contract John Paczkowski in Mobile, January 28, 2011 at 4:00 am PT
Verizon iPhone Demand Could Hit Nearly 25 Million, Theoretically John
Paczkowski in Mobile, January 27, 2011 at 4:30 am PT Verizon’s iPhone Picture
Comes Into Focus Ina Fried in Mobile, January 26, 2011 at 7:00 am PT Verizon
Earnings Fall Short as Company Confirms $30 Unlimited Data Plan for iPhone Ina
Fried in Mobile, January 25, 2011 at 7:45 am PT Page 1 of 212Next AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version