WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Microsoft Confirms Windows Blue Update Coming; Says Windows
8 Passes 100 Million Licenses Sold May 6, 2013 at 9:01 pm PT Tweet Share Print
After months of rumors, Microsoft on Monday confirmed that it is readying an
update to Windows 8 for later this year. Code-named Windows Blue, the update
will enable Windows to run on a wider range of devices (read: smaller-screen
tablets). In a blog post, Microsoft said the update will also respond to some
criticisms of Windows 8 and Windows RT, but the company didn’t go into
specifics. “Windows Blue is a codename for an update that will be available
later this year, building on the bold vision set forward with Windows 8 to
deliver the next generation of tablets and PCs,” Microsoft’s Tami Reller said
in a blog post. “It will deliver the latest new innovations across an
increasingly broad array of form factors of all sizes, display, battery life
and performance, while creating new opportunities for our ecosystem.” In the
blog post, Microsoft also said that it has now sold more than 100 million
licenses for Windows 8. And, despite the criticism, Reller said that Microsoft
remains pleased with the operating system. “Windows 8 is a big, ambitious
change,” Reller said. “While we realize that change takes time, we feel good
about the progress since launch, including what we’ve been able to accomplish
with the ecosystem and customer reaction to the new PCs and tablets that are
available now or will soon come to market.” Microsoft billed Windows 8 as a
“no compromise” operating system that would pave the way for devices that
could offer all the benefits of both a PC and a mobile device. Hybrid designs
allow for devices that act as both tablet and laptop, either through a flip of
a swivel, a twist of the screen or the addition of a keyboard. However,
critics have said that the reality of Windows 8 has fallen short of its goal
amid a lack of top-tier apps and devices that often force a choice of either
limited battery life or limited compatibility with older Windows software. PC
sales have also not seen a hoped-for bump from Windows 8, as electronics
buyers continue to spend money in other categories. For her part, Reller noted
that the number of apps in the Windows 8 storefront is now six times what it
was at launch, and rejected the idea that the PC is past its prime. “The PC is
very much alive and increasingly mobile,” Reller said. “The PC is also part of
a much broader device market of tablets and PCs. Windows 8 was built to fully
participate in this broader and increasingly mobile device market.” Tagged
with: Microsoft, Tami Reller, Windows, Windows 8, Windows Blue, Windows RT
Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close
December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving
After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen
on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am
PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica December
30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year
Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all videos
» api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version