WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl HP’s Head of Cloud Computing Zorawar “Biri”
Singh Departs January 17, 2013 at 2:03 pm PT Tweet Share Print Word has just
leaked out of Hewlett-Packard that Zorawar “Biri” Singh, senior vice president
and general manager for Cloud Services, is leaving the company. Roger Levy,
the group’s vice president for technology and customer relations, will replace
him on an interim basis. I haven’t been able to find out if Singh is leaving
for another job or if he’s just leaving. The departure was confirmed by an HP
spokesman moments ago, sending the following statement: “HP remains committed
to our Converged Cloud portfolio. In particular, HP Cloud Services is critical
to HP’s efforts to deliver superior public cloud infrastructure, services and
solutions to our customers. Roger Levy, vice president, Technology and
Customer Operations of HP Cloud Services, will serve as the interim leader for
HP Cloud Services. The company thanks Zorawar ‘Biri’ Singh for his passion and
commitment to drive our public cloud vision and wish him well.” Singh had
overseen HP’s global cloud computing footprint, including its infrastructure,
platform services and ecosystem efforts. He joined HP from IBM, hired by
former CEO Léo Apotheker to build a cloud service platform that could compete
with Amazon Web Services. Apotheker announced the effort at a big HP event in
San Francisco in March of 2011. It’s one part of the strategy elements
initiated by Apotheker — who was CEO for only about 11 months — that HP has
kept in place. Tagged with: cloud computing, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Industry
Moves, Léo Apotheker, Meg Whitman, Zorawar Biri Singh Apple Denies Working
with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm
PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT
CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version