WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Google Tries Rebooting Its Flipboard Clone, and Starts
Selling the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal November 20, 2013 at
9:00 am PT Tweet Share Print A couple of years ago it seemed very important
for every big consumer Web company to have its own version of Flipboard, the
mobile app that lets you assemble your own digital magazine. AOL launched
Editions, Yahoo offered Livestand, and Google tried Currents. Fast forward to
present tense, where Flipboard still seems very interesting to some people,
but the concept of “social reader” app no longer seems like a no-brainer.
Livestand is dead, Editions is all but dead, and if you’ve used Currents you
are likely a professional publisher, not an actual reader. But Google isn’t
giving up on the idea yet. It is folding Currents into a new app that’s
supposed to be a reading service and a magazine and newspaper store. Google
said Google Play Newsstand will offer more than 1,900 publications, from free
blogs to the New York Times. The idea is that Google will create a
personalized feed that mixes and matches stories about topics you’re
interested in, and will also give you complete access to each publication you
follow and/or subscribe to. You can also subscribe to publications directly
from the app, via Google’s payment system. Google has previously sold magazine
subscriptions for publishers like Hearst, Conde Nast and Time Warner’s Time
Inc. through its Google Play Magazine, which will also get morphed into the
Newsstand app. The fact that Google is selling newspaper subscriptions is new,
though, and publishers like the New York Times and Wall Street Journal (which
is owned by News Corp., which also owns this website) are offering sale prices
to try to goose signups.* The concept of a giant digital newsstand was also
very interesting a few years ago. But with some exceptions, publisher
reactions to the Newsstand app Apple launched a few years ago has been muted.
(It’s worth noting that the Financial Times, which refused to sell digital
subscriptions via iTunes, is working with Google; it’s the first time the FT
has sold digital subscriptions through an outside vendor.) And conventional
wisdom holds that Android users are less likely to pay for content than people
who use Apple devices. So while it (probably) can’t hurt to have the world’s
biggest tech company selling your stuff, odds are this won’t be a needle-mover
for publishers. * Do read the fine print before you pull the trigger on a
Google Newsstand subscription. If you buy the Times via the app, for instance,
you’ll only be able to read the digital paper in Google’s app, and not on the
Times’ own Android and iOS apps. But if you buy a digital subscription to the
Times via other outlets, you will be able to read the paper within Newsstand.
Make sense? No? I don’t get it, either. Tagged with: Android, AOL, Apple,
Currents, editions, Flipboard, Google, Hearst, iOS, Livestand, New York Times,
Time Inc., Time Warner, Wall Street Journal, Yahoo Twitter Asks You How You
Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version