WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher What Should Yahoo Do: Sue Decker's Listening Tour
July 9, 2007 at 2:24 am PT Tweet Share Print Now that I have gotten back from
a dusty vacation, I can return to my obsessive quest to figure out what Yahoo
should do to improve its prospects pronto. I noted a few weeks ago here that
is was time to stop with all the recriminations related to its management
turmoil and try to look at what Yahoo needs to get itself back on track. A lot
of readers made great suggestions here. But with its stock still in the tank
awaiting what is widely expected to be a tough second quarter earnings call a
week from tomorrow, all eyes are going to be on dramatic moves the company can
make to turn itself around under the spanking new–yet obviously old, since
they have been there the whole time–leadership of co-founder and CEO Jerry
Yang and President Sue Decker. So far, people seem excited by Yang’s roll-up-
the-sleeves approach and think he is serious about remaining in the job longer
than many, including yours truly, think he will. “Jerry has a lot of good
will,” said one top executive, who noted that Yang has the important tech
credibility former CEO Terry Semel was lacking. “People want inspiration and a
feeling like things are going to change here, other than another exec getting
whacked.” Indeed, Decker (left) is certainly looking for solutions, according
to sources, spending a lot of time over the past weeks debriefing carefully
selected top executives and those below them on their concerns and also
eliciting their thoughts on what needs to be done at Yahoo, including how to
better organize its ranks (again!). Those who have talked to her say she has
been thoughtful and willing to listen to feedback, which has not always been
the case at the tippy top of the company. But that also does not mean the
whacking is over. Yang and Decker’s willingness to toss ad sales head Wenda
Harris Millard over the side without a lot of pleasantries (we know, we know,
Millard could be stubborn about newfangled ad forms and her brusque New York
style was not cutting it anymore, but their Silicon Valley shiv-in-the-back
move was truly breathtaking) in the first week on the job was seen as a
warning shot to others about who was in charge. And let’s be clear, that
management shakeout might not be over quite yet, as executive musical chairs
at Yahoo continues. On the upswing, said several sources, is Hilary Schneider,
pictured here, the sharp ex-Knight Ridder exec who came to Yahoo last fall and
keeps getting more important duties. She is now executive vice president of
Local Markets & Commerce Division and Yahoo! Publisher Network, which is a
fancy way of saying she has a lot of important revenue businesses under her.
Another exec to look out for is Brad “Peanut Butter Manifesto” Garlinghouse,
pictured here, whose memo on the many internal problems of Yahoo revealed last
year was the spark for a lot of the current wildfire of change. While some
think Garlinghouse was simply stating the obvious and that management was
already working on its issues, others think giving him a wider role would be
an interesting move. Both Schneider and Garlinghouse might get increased
duties, which could be a slight to current Network head Jeff Weiner, pictured
right, who came to Yahoo with Semel and who many predict will eventually chafe
under a more rigorous leadership from Decker. Some blame Weiner for the
slowness in getting the new Panama ad system in place, which is not really
fair to load it all up on his plate given he got the clean-up job of Yahoo’s
Overture acquisition late in the game and higher execs probably deserve the
blame for the critical delay in allowing it to run separately for so long and
not integrating it to battle Google more effectively. But now that it is on
track he might be looking to leave on a high note, and he obviously has a lot
of outside choices where he can have more freedom. In any case, I had an
interesting short discussion with Weiner in this video post about 10 days ago
and he still seemed excited by the changes at Yahoo. Please see this
disclosure related to me and Google. Tagged with: advertising, BoomTown, Brad
Garlinghouse, digital, Hilary Schneider, Internet, Jeff Weiner, Jerry Yang,
Kara Swisher, Sue Decker, Terry Semel, Wenda Harris Millard, Yahoo You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » The problem with the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper
collapse has always been that billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of
authority-questioning journalism that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum,
writing in the Columbia Journalism Review about the promise of Pierre
Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version