Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How to Find the Best Social
Marketing Benchmarks for Your Brand Reading Time: 3 Minutes Marketing teams
are all familiar with one inquiry: What are the benchmarks for our industry?
It’s a question that’s asked frequently, from the planning and launch stages
of a campaign all the way through to analysis. It also comes up when brands
are considering testing new platforms or ad formats, to make sure there’s
something reliable to base the test on. Unfortunately for those seeking tried-
and-true numbers, the most accurate response to, “What are the industry
benchmarks?” happens to be, “It depends.” Developing reliable cross-platform
benchmarks has always been a challenge for brands. As platforms continue to
evolve, new ad formats and measurement capabilities are introduced. This makes
the question even more complicated, throwing additional factors into the mix.
It’s no longer trying to compare apples to oranges – often it’s apples to
oranges to ramen to puppies. Instead brands must ask themselves which
strategies, ad formats, and measurement capabilities are proven most effective
for their business goals, thinking beyond industry and focusing on the
behavior of audiences on digital platforms. It’s also important to determine
when your brand should evolve past traditional media benchmarks to focus on
goals for a rapidly changing digital landscape. It was only a few short years
ago that most brands were focused on fan acquisition and follower campaigns
for the bulk of their paid social spend. However as organic reach began to
decline and more immersive ad formats were released, brands began to shift
toward measuring performance based on engagement and traffic to site. Over
time, performance benchmarks were established based on engagement and clicks,
with marketers working to drive efficient spend based on those goals. But even
then, measuring performance based on clicks and engagement raised a
fundamental question: How are these results impacting my core business goals?
The platforms took notice, quickly releasing new tracking capabilities and
measurement solutions to ensure advertisers’ needs were met. While these
updates gave marketers access to a variety of new features, many brands
struggled to keep up with the pace of innovation. Marketers have a trove of
new ad formats and measurement solutions at their fingertips, but building
strategy and setting goals around those metrics – which don’t compare to
legacy benchmarks – remains a challenge. Here are four steps to help you
reevaluate your brand benchmarks for social platforms: Step 1: Determine
Strengths and Weaknesses First evaluate where your benchmarks are strong and
where you could better align performance objectives with real business goals.
The best way to do that is by looking at the platforms’ newest measurement
capabilities and reviewing case studies to see what competitors in your
industry are tracking and where they’re finding success. Step 2: Communicate
the Changes Internally The next step is all about communication. Deviating
from traditional benchmarks can be a difficult leap, especially for team
members who work outside of social and digital environments. Start by
communicating that, although benchmarks are changing, it doesn’t mean the past
way of measuring was wrong. Social platforms are constantly changing and
evolving, and the best way to drive real business results is by considering
the latest and most advanced offerings. This is also a good opportunity to
stress that benchmarks will continue to evolve – that way the whole team is
prepared the next time there’s a change. Step 3: Find Benchmark Resources You
can also research industry resources such as eMarketer for baseline
benchmarks. Data from eMarketer’s social benchmarks is based on more than 625
billion impressions, 14 billion clicks, and $7 billion in ad spend across
global search and social platforms. No matter what source you use, you should
look at holistic metrics across all social publishers. Accurate benchmarks
from third-party providers should use data from multiple brands (blinded for
confidentiality). You’ll want to use industry benchmarks as an initial
guideline, but ultimately create your own benchmarks from past campaign
success and overall business goals. This allows your brand to determine what
is successful based on your specific strategies and needs. Step 4: Set Unique
Brand Benchmarks Always keep in mind that benchmarks need to be flexible and
unique to each brand. Rather than leaning on industry standards, it’s crucial
to develop an approach for defining your own benchmarks. This also allows you
to be flexible, setting benchmarks that can evolve over time as the platforms
change. That way your brand can determine what success looks like across
different strategies, campaigns, and goals. If you work at a company with
multiple brands under a single umbrella, you have access to a wealth of
additional information and valuable benchmarks. Collaborate with your
counterparts at the various internal brands to establish benchmarks across
platforms, objectives, and regions. Benchmarking is important to determine
whether your brand’s strategy is working, but it shouldn’t be too rigid.
Having a benchmark will establish a true north for determining success, so
campaigns that aren’t resonating with the target audience can be adapted to
produce stronger results. As new platforms emerge, measurement capabilities
expand, and new metrics become rapidly available, brands need to be
increasingly selective in choosing benchmarks that best align with their core
business goals. Annaliese Peterson VP of Accounts Annaliese comes to Adaptly
with 15 years of agency experience, which makes her an expert in client
services. In her past life she oversaw all digital media investment, helped
develop cross-team workflows, and was integral in many platform migrations.
Representing Adaptly from Detroit, Annaliese is excited to bring her knowledge
and expertise to the social advertising ecosystem. When she’s not focusing on
clients, you can either find her in her kayak or searching for new adventures.
Office Detroit Share Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access
download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with
the latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments
Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599,
ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17
New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX
Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th
Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact