WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Silicon Alley Insider 100 posts and columns on Silicon Alley Insider
All Writers Kara Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey With David Eun Departure, "The AOL Way" Makes
Way for the Arianna Way Kara Swisher in News on February 25, 2011 at 6:00 am
PT Despite all the polite throat-clearing in the various internal memos coming
out of AOL today, with a rejiggering of its content management–including the
ousting of Media and Studios President David Eun–what really happened was what
sources said will be an about-face from a recent strategy of how to run its
media business. That is likely to begin with the hip-checking of “The AOL
Way,” which many sources tell BoomTown was Eun’s brainchild, once the $315
million acquisition of the Huffington Post is completed. Yahoo's Jimmy Pitaro
Lands Digital Co-President Job at Disney With Playdom's John Pleasants Kara
Swisher in News on October 3, 2010 at 9:45 am PT Jimmy Pitaro, who is leaving
his job running the powerful media properties at Yahoo, has taken a job as co-
president of Disney Interactive Media Group, with John Pleasants. Pleasants
was CEO of Playdom, the online game company that Disney acquired for $763
million in late July. The appointment of the pair, both of whom will report to
Disney President and CEO Robert Iger, is a big move by the entertainment giant
and looks like another attempt to clarify and bolster its Web strategy, which
has had a long and often rocky history. Gilt Groupe Returns Its CEO: Kevin
Ryan, Susan Lyne Swap Places Peter Kafka in Media on September 27, 2010 at
9:42 am PT Gilt Groupe, the earliest and best known of the U.S. “private sale”
shopping sites, has a new boss: Founder Kevin Ryan, who previously served as
the company’s chairman, is now running the company. Susan Lyne, brought in as
CEO two years ago from Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, has been moved into
Ryan’s old chairman slot. What to Make of the Microsoft-Is-Falling-And-It-
Can't-Get-Up Meme Kara Swisher in News on June 22, 2010 at 8:43 am PT Oh dear,
here it comes round again, like a bout of the flu–the indefatigable narrative
about how Microsoft is headed downhill at an alarming speed, how CEO Steve
Ballmer is about to get the boot and how it is all really, really true since
the echo chamber of tech keeps repeating it. But is the sky really falling?
Can Yahoo Still Nab Foursquare for $125 Million or Will VCs Prevail? The Race
for the Hot Mobile Start-Up Nears Its End. Kara Swisher in News on April 16,
2010 at 9:54 am PT You have to give Yahoo an A for effort, if perhaps the
ultimate grade in its ongoing quest to buy hot mobile social network
Foursquare is an F. While Foursquare founder Dennis Crowley, who controls a
large chunk of the shares of the start-up, has so far turned down several $100
million-plus offers from Yahoo, sources said the company’s newish head of
mergers and acquisitions, Andrew Siegel, is back in New York today still
trying to convince him to sell. So far, Foursquare appears to have developed a
case of cold feet about marrying the Internet giant and seems more likely to
opt for a large round of funding from venture firms. Left at the Altar by AOL,
Associated Content Hires Allen Peter Kafka in Media on February 25, 2010 at
12:15 pm PT Interested in buying Associated Content, which specializes in
generating lots of low-cost, search-friendly content? The company isn’t
technically for sale, and there’s no pitch book. But if you’ve got an offer,
you can go ahead and contact Allen & Company, the media bankers that
Associated Content hired late last year. CTO Cahall Out–As AOL Buys a Video
Platform Company for $36.5 Million and Opens NY Tech Center (Press Releases,
Memos–Natch!) Kara Swisher in News on January 25, 2010 at 3:47 am PT While AOL
denied a report last week suggesting that CTO Ted Cahall is leaving, he
actually is, um, leaving. Oops! Perhaps to defocus from the CTO-is-not-
leaving-oh-yes-he-is snafu, AOL also announced the acquisition of StudioNow, a
video creation and distribution platform, as well as the opening of a new tech
center in New York, helmed by Jeff Reynar. Business as Usual Again for Google:
Wall Street Expects Big Things Peter Kafka in Media on January 21, 2010 at
4:32 am PT Hard times? Sure, for mere mortals. But at Google, things are back
to normal: The company signaled months ago that it had made it through the
recession without much problem. Wall Street has gotten the message. It expects
serious numbers from the search giant when it hands in its earnings report
card this afternoon. Yahoo Hires New M&A; Head–But Whither Greg Mrva? Kara
Swisher in News on October 21, 2009 at 12:12 am PT Yahoo has hired a new head
of mergers and acquisitions–former General Electric M&A; exec Andrew Siegel,
who will now be VP of corporate development. Yahoo CFO Tim Morse dropped the
news with no details about that title in an interview with The Wall Street
Journal about the Silicon Valley Internet giant’s third-quarter earnings. One
question apparently not answered was what exactly is the status of its current
top M&A; exec, Greg Mrva–who has had the title Siegel now has posted on his
LinkedIn profile–as well as that of VP of mergers and acquisitions more
recently. Google Still Shuffling Sales Force: “Self-Serve” Exec David Fischer
Steps Aside Peter Kafka in Media on September 2, 2009 at 9:53 am PT Five
months after Google sales boss Tim Armstrong left for AOL, his old company is
still reshaping its sales group. The latest move: David Fischer, who ran the
company’s core self-serve ad business, is going on sabbatical later this month
and will return to a different post. Newish sales boss Nikesh Arora says he
hasn’t found a successor for Fischer and will step into his shoes in the
meantime. TomTom Launches $100 IPhone App Andrew LaVallee, Reporter, The Wall
Street Journal in News, August 17, 2009 at 10:19 am PT Twitter: Don’t Blame
Google for Twitterhack (But Do Be Careful About Publishing Stolen Documents!)
Peter Kafka in Media, July 15, 2009 at 1:36 pm PT Ouch! HBO’s Vampire Show
Bites Business Blog Peter Kafka in Media, May 23, 2009 at 5:13 pm PT The New
York Times Slaps Another Web Wrist Peter Kafka in Media, March 19, 2009 at
3:35 pm PT Who Replaces Tim Armstrong at Google? The David Rosenblatt Fan Club
Pipes Up. Peter Kafka in Media, March 13, 2009 at 3:00 am PT Rock, Meet Hard
Place: More Details of AOL Layoffs–But Are There More to Come? Kara Swisher in
News, March 10, 2009 at 4:49 pm PT Does Real-Time Search Make Twitter a Google
Killer? Its Fanbots Think So (BoomTown Not Quite Yet). Kara Swisher in News,
February 9, 2009 at 6:38 am PT U.S. Airways Flight 1549, Twitter and an
Amazing Photo Peter Kafka in Media, January 15, 2009 at 3:18 pm PT Report:
Microsoft May or May Not Announce Layoffs John Paczkowski in News, January 2,
2009 at 3:00 am PT Attention Wal-Mart Shoppers: Full-Priced iPhones on Sale
Sunday Peter Kafka in Media, December 26, 2008 at 8:26 am PT Amazon: No
Kindles for You This Year Eric Savitz, Blogger and Columnist, Barron's, Tech
Trader Daily in News, November 27, 2008 at 6:06 am PT How Low Will Online Ads
Go? Lower, Says J.P. Morgan. Very, Very Low, Says Gawker’s Nick Denton Peter
Kafka in Media, November 3, 2008 at 7:56 am PT Peter Kafka Takes On the
Mediamorphosis in New ATD MediaMemo Blog Kara Swisher in News, October 27,
2008 at 3:10 am PT Online Display Ads Headed for the Basement Kara Swisher in
News, October 20, 2008 at 5:25 pm PT Yahoo Shares Drop on AOL Non-Deal: Here's
Why and What That Means Kara Swisher in News, October 15, 2008 at 6:53 am PT
Page 1 of 212Next AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version