WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Exclusive: Foursquare Raises a $35 Million Round
and Adds DFJ’s Schuler to the Board December 19, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Tweet
Share Print Foursquare, the iconic social location service, has raised $35
million in a Series D round, led by DFJ Growth and the Capital Group’s
Smallcap World Fund. The company confirmed the raise to me and later in a blog
post, which has been the subject of intense scrutiny amid many reports that
the New York-based company was in big trouble and likely to have to take a
down round to garner funding. Apparently, not so. While not a big leap over
its last valuation of $600 million, according to sources, Foursquare’s new
investors pegged the worth at just over that. A Foursquare spokesman declined
to comment on the valuation (and I could not determine if he was smiling over
the phone or not). As part of the investment, Barry Schuler of DFJ is joining
the Foursquare board. The energetic Schuler, a well-known investor and was a
key exec at AOL in the 1990s (and later CEO and Chairman) during its go-go-
growth years, will definitely make a lively director. In an interview,
Foursquare CEO and co-founder Dennis Crowley and COO Evan Cohen said the
company would use the funds to continue to grow sales and engineering and
expand further internationally. “I think this round validates what I have been
saying for a while — that these new passive awareness technologies are
pointing to how we are going to take this company to a new level,” said
Crowley, who noted that Foursquare now offers marketers six monetization
options, up from two a year ago. “The steps we have taken over the last year
have made us able to show investors the opportunities we have with the
product.” Added Cohen: “I think we are really delivering on the promises we
made with the recommendations service and we had a better case when after we
were able to get it out there for everyone to see.” The raise, they said, is a
relief after a tough year in the media spotlight and, they assert, proves that
a lot of work the company has done around revenue growth — it has launched
four monetization tools in 2013 — and product innovation has paid off. That
includes its Ads for Small Business product that it is deploying in over 80
countries and its real-time recommendations feature. That has rolled out this
year, described by Peter Kafka as the “most significant product rollout: A new
version of the app that will automatically offer users tips about places
they’re visiting, without requiring them to check in with the app itself.”
That debut, though, came on the heels of the departure of its longtime product
head Alex Rainert. As Kafka also noted: “It’s a crucial bet for the company,
which is fighting perceptions that it missed its shot to sell out to Yahoo or
Apple, and that it will struggle to survive on its own.” The new funds come
eight months after Foursquare raised $41 million in debt financing. “We had to
not been able to demo what we were talking about until it was out there,” said
Crowley about the ability to close funding now. “But once it was in place, it
was easier to see where we are going.” Crowley said the company now has 45
million registered users for the Foursquare app, although it unfortunately —
and, really, purposefully — declines to give out its monthly active users
stats. It should as it would be a useful and informative indicator of consumer
success. Still, it is a nice jump from 33 million earlier this year. Moving
along, he also said Foursquare is also aiming to monetize its growing
international user base in places like Turkey, Russia and Brazil via deals
with a variety of resellers. Cohen said some of the new funds will be directed
at expanding its staff in those places. While Foursquare has a small office in
London, most of the 170-person company is currently located in New York and
San Francisco. “We think mobile technology and user engagement have caught up
to Dennis and the Foursquare team’s vision,” said DFJ’s Schuler. “Highly-
targeted geo delivery of useful content and promotions will be a huge part of
the next phase of the Internet’s evolution and Foursquare is the leader.” In
his blog post, Crowley crowed a bit too, perhaps in relief. “This investment
means that we can build our vision even faster,” he wrote. “And that you guys
are going to see a lot more from our team.” Tagged with: Alex Rainert, AOL,
app, Apple, ATD Facebook, Barry Schuler, blog, board, Brazil, California,
Capital Group, consumer, content, Dennis Crowley, DFJ Growth, director,
engineering, Evan Cohen, feature, financing, Foursquare, funding, growth,
international, interview, investment, investor, monetization, New York, Peter
Kafka, post, product, recommedation, revenue, round, Russia, sales, San
Francisco, Series D, service, SMALLCAP World Fund, Turkey, user, valuation,
Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of
Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 …
December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away?
Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48
am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December
30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD
Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version