WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple Accuses Samsung of
Sharing Confidential Nokia Patent-Licensing Details October 3, 2013 at 10:01
am PT Tweet Share Print Apple has asked a California court to sanction Samsung
for inappropriately sharing with its executives a confidential patent-
licensing deal shielded by protective order in its landmark intellectual-
property case against the company. A new filing in the U.S. District Court for
the Northern District of California on Wednesday shows Apple alleging that
some “Highly Confidential — Attorneys’ Eyes Only” licensing agreements it
provided to Samsung’s outside counsel were given to the Korean company’s
executives. Those agreements described the terms of an Apple-Nokia patent
license and were not to be shared with anyone beyond Samsung’s legal team.
But, according to Apple, they were. The company alleges that they somehow
found their way, unredacted, into the hands of dozens of Samsung executives,
including Dr. Seungho Ahn, who leveraged them during licensing negotiations
with Nokia. From the filing: According to a declaration from Nokia’s Chief
Intellectual Property Officer, Paul Melin, on June 4, 2013, in a meeting
between Samsung and Nokia licensing executives, Dr. Seungho Ahn informed Nokia
that the terms of the Apple-Nokia license were known to him. Specifically,
according to Mr. Melin, Dr. Ahn stated that Apple had produced the Apple-Nokia
license in its litigation with Samsung, and that Samsung’s outside counsel had
provided his team with the terms of the Apple-Nokia license. Mr. Melin
recounts that to prove to Nokia that he knew the confidential terms of the
Apple-Nokia license, Dr. Ahn recited the terms of the license, and even went
so far as to tell Nokia that “all information leaks.” Mr. Melin also reports
that Dr. Ahn and Samsung then proceeded to use his knowledge of the terms of
the Apple- Nokia license to gain an unfair advantage in their negotiations
with Nokia, by asserting that the Apple-Nokia terms should dictate terms of a
Samsung-Nokia license. Shady stuff, if it’s true — and troubling. U.S.
Magistrate Judge Paul Grewal has ordered Samsung to make Ahn available for
deposition, and scheduled a hearing on the matter for Oct. 22. Samsung
declined comment. Tagged with: Apple, Apple-Samsung, Attorneys’ Eyes Only,
confidential, licensing, Nokia, Samsung Late Start May Be Tempering China
Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking
December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December
29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update
December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This
Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version