WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Google Street View Cars
Collected Wi-Fi User Data for Three Years May 14, 2010 at 2:23 pm PT Tweet
Share Print Responding to questions about its Street View data collection
practices in an April 27 blog post, Google said that it captured only publicly
broadcast Wi-Fi network names and their MAC addresses and nothing
else–certainly not “payload data,” the personal information being sent over
those networks. Well, guess what Google (GOOG) has unwittingly been collecting
these past three years? That’s right, payload data. And it has been collecting
them from Wi-Fi networks not protected by passwords–in the United States,
Germany, France, Brazil, Hong Kong and elsewhere. “It’s now clear that we have
been mistakenly collecting samples of payload data from open (i.e. non-
password-protected) Wi-Fi networks,” Google Senior VP of Engineering and
Research Alan Eustace said in a post on Google’s official blog Friday. “So how
did this happen?” he asks, quickly supply the answer: “Quite simply, it was a
mistake. In 2006 an engineer working on an experimental WiFi project wrote a
piece of code that sampled all categories of publicly broadcast WiFi data. A
year later, when our mobile team started a project to collect basic WiFi
network data like SSID information and MAC addresses using Google’s Street
View cars, they included that code in their software–although the project
leaders did not want, and had no intention of using, payload data.” But they
captured it just the same. And now Google is in the uniquely uncomfortable
position of sitting on a pile of exactly the sort of customer data that
privacy advocates worried that it was collecting. Until the company figures
out what to do with the information, Google has temporarily grounded its
Street View cars and promised to stop collecting Wi-Fi network data entirely.
“The engineering team at Google works hard to earn your trust–and we are
acutely aware that we failed badly here,” Eustace concluded. “We are
profoundly sorry for this error and are determined to learn all the lessons we
can from our mistake.” I’m sure the European privacy commission and regulators
in the United States will make quite sure of that. Tagged with: Alan Eustace,
blog post, Brazil, broadcast, code, customer, data, data collection, digital,
engineering, European, France, Germany, Google, Hong Kong, Internet, John
Paczkowski, MAC addresses, mistake, network, password, payload data, privacy,
protected, regulators, search, software, SSID, Street View, Tech Policy
Feature, United States, Wi-Fi Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s
iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December
30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013
at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29,
2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December
28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version