Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login ICYMI: Social Strategies for
the Holidays, the Super Bowl & More Reading Time: 2 Minutes This week: Why
viewability is not an accurate metric for social, social advertising guides
for the holidays and the Super Bowl, and details on Snapchat’s rebrand.
Reviewing Viewability: 5 Questions With Adaptly President Sean O’Neal |
Brandchannel The concept of viewability and how that metric applies to social
advertising is top of mind for many digital marketers right now. The current
definition of a “viewable” video ad is when the unit is 50% in-view and plays
for two continuous seconds. The problem is, that definition doesn’t account
for the immersive mobile ad units currently found on social advertising
platforms. Adaptly President Sean O’Neal sat down with Brandchannel to explain
why viewability is not an accurate metric for social and how it should be
redefined to make sense for today’s ad formats. Your Guide to Holidays on
Pinterest | Pinterest for Business Black Friday and Cyber Monday may be fading
in the rearview mirror but the final rush of the holiday season still looms
ahead. Pinterest has shared a holiday report that details seasonal Pinning
behavior, top trends, best practices for new ad units, deep-dives by vertical,
and more. Dig into the holidays on Pinterest and download Adaptly’s holiday
whitepaper for creative and strategic insights across all platforms. 8 Social
Advertising Strategies for Super Bowl 2018 | Adaptly Super Bowl Sunday will be
here before we know it. Americans turn to social media to discuss the action
before, during, and after the game. Last year, the Super Bowl was the most
talked-about television program on social ever, and we expect this year to be
even bigger. Join the conversation on social as viewers discuss the game,
halftime show, and ads on their favorite platforms. Adaptly’s Super Bowl
strategy guide provides a full-funnel, cross-platform approach to the biggest
advertising day of the year. Download it now to guarantee a “W” on game day.
Introducing the New Snapchat | Snap Inc. News Snapchat is getting a new look
just in time for the holidays. The new layout will separate content created by
friends from content created by publishers to make the app “more personal.”
Friends will get their own page organized dynamically by who users communicate
with most, and the Discover page will be algorithmically personalized to each
user’s interests. Publishers that users subscribe to will be featured at the
top, followed by other Stories the user may find interesting. Tailoring
publisher content to individual users should open up exciting advertising
opportunities, like Promoted Stories, moving forward. Chandler Sopko Marketing
Manager Chandler has been with Adaptly for 3 years, bringing her marketing
background and love of social media to the ad tech scene. When she isn’t
looking at pictures of food on Instagram she can be found doing the crossword
or exploring New York City. Office New York Share Categories Blog Back To Blog
> Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable
Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No
spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries
contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com
New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy
Contact