WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg The Mossberg Report Off the Beaten Browser
March 15, 2006 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print When the vast majority of the
world’s PC users want to surf the Web, they fire up Microsoft’s Internet
Explorer, the free browser that comes included with Windows, now in version
6.0. They may not even know its name, since it’s usually the only, or at least
the preset default, choice for browsing on a new Windows machine. That’s a
shame, because IE, as it’s known in the Internet business, is probably the
worst Web browser you can use. It’s antiquated and unsecure, popular mostly
because many users don’t know there are alternatives. In tacit acknowledgment
of IE’s shortcomings, Microsoft is currently mounting a crash effort to update
the browser with something called Internet Explorer 7. But it’s not ready yet.
In the meantime, there are a handful of alternative browsers you can use every
day instead of IE, on both Windows PCs and Macs — all of them superior to the
current version of IE. One caveat: Some Web sites, especially in the financial
industry, have been constructed using proprietary features unique to Internet
Explorer. Other browsers mainly stick to industry-standard features, meaning
they can’t reproduce every component of these IE-oriented sites. It’s as if
NBC decided to produce programming that would work properly only on, say, Sony
TV sets. So the bottom line is this: If you are constantly using one of these
nonstandard sites, you should continue using Internet Explorer, or at least
keep it around for backup. The best-known alternative to IE is Firefox, made
by nonprofit Mozilla. Firefox is issued in nearly identical versions for
Windows, Macintosh and the techie-oriented Linux operating system. By
contrast, IE runs only on Windows. (Microsoft once made a Mac version of IE,
but has discontinued it.) Another excellent choice is Safari, the browser by
Apple that comes on every Mac, but has no versions for Windows or Linux.
Opera, which comes in Windows, Mac and Linux versions, is also a fine
alternative. One more option worth considering is the Windows-only Netscape
browser. These four options share two major characteristics. First, they’re
generally more secure than IE. Theoretically, any browser can be attacked and
used as a conduit for malicious software that can hobble your computer.
Firefox, for example, has been forced to close numerous potential security
holes. But IE is the least secure, for several reasons: It was designed in an
era when security was less of a concern. Its very ubiquity makes it the
favorite target of online criminals. And it uses a Microsoft-only technology
called ActiveX that helps Web sites work better, but also allows malicious
software to control aspects of the computer. The browsers mentioned above
don’t use ActiveX, which is one reason they’re more secure, but it also helps
account for their difficulty in handling some IE-oriented Web sites. The
second thing these alternatives have in common is tabbed browsing — the most
important advance in browsers in years. This feature lets you open multiple
Web sites simultaneously in the same window. Only one page is visible at a
time, but the others are live and open behind it. Each is marked by a tab,
like those found on paper file folders. To switch from the page you’re viewing
to another, you click on a tab. You can also close any page without affecting
the others, and if you follow a link on a tabbed page, it usually opens within
the same tab. The real power of tabbed browsing comes in when you collect
bookmarks (what IE calls “Favorites”) into folders. You can then click just
once to open all the bookmarks in a given folder, each under its own tab. For
instance, I have roughly 20 technology bookmarks in a folder, and I like to
open them all at once in Firefox or Safari, the two browsers I use the most.
Why would you want to use a tabbed browser? First, it saves time. Second, it
allows you to easily scan and compare related Web sites. Third, you can open a
link in a new tab while keeping the original page open so you can easily
return to it. All in all, I can’t imagine going back to Internet Explorer
after using a tabbed browser. IE does allow you to open multiple Web pages,
but only one at a time and in separate windows, which clog up your desktop and
the Windows taskbar. That’s why even Microsoft recognizes the superiority of
tabbed browsing and is building it into IE 7. (Note: Microsoft’s MSN online
service currently offers an add-on that can bolt a simple version of tabbed
browsing onto the current version of IE.) Another feature the alternatives
share, but IE lacks, is a built-in search box that appears right in the
toolbar of the browser. This lets you perform a search without using an add-on
toolbar or navigating to the home page of the search service. If all the
alternative browsers feature tabbed browsing, built-in search boxes and better
security than IE, what are their pluses and minuses? Here’s a quick rundown of
the three frontrunners. — Firefox. This most popular alternative to IE is
“open source,” meaning it’s open to improvement by any programmer anywhere.
Thus, thousands of add-on features are available by installing free small
software modules called “extensions,” which let you do things like download
all links on a page with a single click or automatically fill out online
forms; there’s even one that lets you view a Web page in IE. Firefox also
offers a two-click method for clearing your browsing history and other
evidence of where you’ve been online. Finally, its built-in search can be
customized to use any popular search engine. That said, Firefox does have some
rough edges. Closing tabs with the mouse is awkward the way it’s set up, and
the command for viewing your history is illogically placed on the “Go” menu. —
Safari. This Apple browser includes an excellent built-in reader for so-called
“news feeds” — summaries of blogs and news sites. It has a “private browsing”
mode, which leaves no trace of where you’ve been online, and offers parental
controls. It also does a great job of e-mailing entire Web pages, and it can
save pages as PDF files, viewable on any computer. But Safari works
exclusively on Macs, and its search box works only with Google. — Opera. This
long-established browser is loaded with features, including an excellent
zooming capability, and if you have lots of tabs open, Opera can display them
on multiple lines so you can more easily read their titles. But while Opera
likes to claim it’s “the Fastest Browser on Earth,” in my tests it hasn’t
proved itself swifter than Firefox. You could download any one of these
browsers for free today and be on your way to a better Web experience. Or you
could wait for IE 7, which is likely to appear in the fall. It promises tabbed
browsing, a built-in search box and a bunch of security improvements-that is,
everything its rivals already offer. Tagged with ActiveX, browser, Explorer,
Firefox, Internet, Mac, Macintosh, Microsoft, Netscape, open source, Opera Top
Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT
Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses,
One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi
December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03,
2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive
of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal
dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version