WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello toolbar 35 posts and columns on toolbar All Writers Kara Swisher
Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason
Del Rey News Byte Israeli Publisher Tools Vendor Conduit Valued at $1.3
Billion Liz Gannes in Media on April 11, 2012 at 11:20 am PT Conduit, the
Israeli provider of toolbars and other “engagement” products for publishers,
got a big number attached to its name today: A valuation of $1.3 billion. As
had been rumored (but for double the price), early Conduit investor Yozma
Venture Capital sold off its stake. J.P. Morgan’s Digital Growth Fund bought 7
percent of the company for $100 million, with Conduit’s founders maintaining
their controlling stake. Cloudy With a Chance of Transformation: New Microsoft
Server and Tools Head Satya Nadella Speaks! Kara Swisher in News on February
10, 2011 at 8:40 am PT After he was appointed the new president of Microsoft’s
important Server and Tools Division from his top engineering post at its come-
from-behind Bing search unit, Satya Nadella now finds himself a leader of a
business that also needs to keep catching up too. In a wide-ranging interview
with BoomTown yesterday, Nadella talked about both his four-year stint at Bing
and how he looked forward the challenges of his new job. News Byte Meebo Buys
Psychographic Targeter Mindset Media Liz Gannes in Social on February 8, 2011
at 3:00 am PT Mountain View, Calif.-based Meebo, the Web toolbar maker, has
acquired a New York City-based start-up called Mindset Media, which
specializes in psychographic targeting for brand advertising. The company said
the acquisition will help with its expansion of advertising products. Twelve
members of the Mindset team will be joining Meebo, while two who work in
business development will not. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Twitter Courts Google's Sundar Pichai for Head of Product Liz Gannes in Social
on January 8, 2011 at 6:49 pm PT Sundar Pichai, the man in charge of Chrome
and Chrome OS at Google, is being aggressively courted by Twitter to be its
next head of product, according to sources. But Google is apparently fighting
back hard on this latest effort by high-profile Web 2.0 companies, including
Twitter and Facebook, to raid its huge talent pool. Binging in the Holidays
(With Donuts!) Ina Fried in Mobile on December 15, 2010 at 9:42 am PT
Microsoft announced a bunch of new Bing updates, most notably deeper Facebook
integration and a coming update for the iPhone app that allows users to upload
their own panorama images. Conduit Dumps Google Search for Microsoft's Bing
Kara Swisher in News on December 1, 2010 at 6:00 am PT In an interesting move
in the search space, Conduit–a fast-growing start-up that helps publishers
make and distribute apps using Web browser toolbars–has entered a strategic
partnership with Microsoft’s Bing search service. In doing so, it is leaving
its existing search deal with Google and will instead offer Bing to its
network of 260,000 publishers and 200 million users. Salesforce.com Honored
With Rare Microsoft Patent-Infringement Suit John Paczkowski in News on May
19, 2010 at 3:07 am PT In a January Securities and Exchange Commission filing,
Salesforce.com listed among its risk factors “a communication from a large
technology company alleging that we were infringing upon some of their
patents.” The company didn’t identify the source of that communication or the
extent of its allegations, only that the two were in discussions and no
litigation had yet been filed. Well, on Tuesday litigation was filed–by
Microsoft. Full Disclosure: ATD Adds Meebo Toolbar Kara Swisher in News on May
4, 2010 at 11:11 am PT As we have with every change to features and
functionality on All Things Digital, today we are writing to give you details
about a new Meebo toolbar on this site. Designed to facilitate sharing, help
navigation and more, it appears at the very bottom of each page on our site.
The first thing you need to know: You can get rid of it whenever you like.
Pre-Gaming Facebook F8 John Paczkowski in Social on April 21, 2010 at 4:45 am
PT According to popular legend, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg once kept two
versions of his business card in his wallet–one with the title CEO, the other
with “I’M CEO…BITCH.” Seems that before Facebook became the de facto platform
of the attention economy, it was a platform for the attention-starved. Well,
there will be no shortage of attention for the social networking phenom today
as it kicks off its third F8 developer conference in San Francisco. Will Bing
Sneak Onto the iPad? Peter Kafka in Media on March 31, 2010 at 5:25 am PT
Sure, Apple and Google have gone from pals to frenemies to outright rivals.
But would Steve Jobs and company really dump the search giant in favor of
Microsoft’s Bing? We’ll get our first real clue on Saturday, when the iPad
arrives. Yahoo Search: Look Out Below, as Bing Gains Again (and Google Remains
as Scary as Ever) Kara Swisher in News, March 9, 2010 at 4:54 pm PT The One-
Year Report Card of Yahoo’s Carol Bartz–Financials: C+ Kara Swisher in News,
January 15, 2010 at 11:48 pm PT What Does Yahoo's Search Decline Mean and–More
to the Point–Can It Be Stopped? Kara Swisher in News, December 18, 2009 at
5:22 am PT Using Private Browsing in Internet Explorer Walt Mossberg in
Mossberg’s Mailbox, July 23, 2009 at 10:32 am PT Yahoo Finally Rolls Out New
Homepage to the Masses–and, Drum Roll, It's Good (Plus Screenshots) Kara
Swisher in News, July 20, 2009 at 6:00 pm PT Little Laptops With Linux Have
Compatibility Issues Nick Wingfield in Personal Technology, May 27, 2009 at
6:06 pm PT Digg Changes Its Toolbar Amid Publisher Complaints Andrew LaVallee,
Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in News, April 16, 2009 at 7:35 am PT Mining
Email for Contacts Katherine Boehret in The Mossberg Solution, April 14, 2009
at 6:00 pm PT Exclusive: Yahoo's Bartz and Microsoft's Ballmer Finally Talking
About Search and Advertising Partnership Kara Swisher in News, April 10, 2009
at 6:55 am PT Yahoo Search Market Share: From Worse to Worse… John Paczkowski
in News, April 10, 2009 at 3:00 am PT A Stylus for the iPhone Walt Mossberg in
Mossberg’s Mailbox, March 11, 2009 at 3:04 pm PT Organizing Your Web Life in
One Place Katherine Boehret in The Mossberg Solution, December 16, 2008 at
6:06 pm PT Yahoo Execs Tapan Bhat and Ash Patel Talk About Yahoo's Open and
Social Launch Kara Swisher in News, December 16, 2008 at 2:05 pm PT A Look-See
at Yahoo's New Open and Social Launch! Kara Swisher in News, December 16, 2008
at 2:04 pm PT Yahoo Opens Up John Paczkowski in Social, December 15, 2008 at
1:20 pm PT Page 1 of 212Next AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version