Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us ONLINE
PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date: March 29, 2018 This Online Privacy Policy sets
out how Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation uses and protects any personal
information that you give us when you use our online services that link to
this document. We reserve the right to update or modify this policy at any
time in the exercise of our discretion, with or without notice to you, and
that will be effective upon our posting of a modified policy. The words
“Adaptive” and “we” or “us” refer to Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation or
its subsidiary or affiliate that maintains the relevant website or provides
the relevant services, and the term “you” refers both to you in your
individual capacity and, if applicable, to your employer or institution if you
are accessing our websites or services in your capacity as an employee, agent
or other representative of such an entity. If you are located in the European
Union and we process any of your personal information to which the EU General
Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) applies, this Online Privacy Policy
includes provisions specific to that processing and Adaptive may be a data
controller or processor, in respect of such processing under the GDPR, to the
extent necessary and applicable. This Online Privacy Policy may cover personal
information that you provide when establishing or updating your account for
our products or services such as in an immunoSEQ® Analyzer user account (such
as your name, contact details and payment information) or a clonoSEQ®service
account. However, it does not does not govern any data that may be uploaded to
or generated within either platform or service itself, including data
generated from samples you (or others on your behalf) may send us for
processing in connection with such services. This data is instead governed by
the applicable terms of use you accepted upon or after account creation (as
may be updated from time to time) and/or, if applicable, a written agreement
between you and us. In addition, you or anyone on your behalf are specifically
requested not to send to us via email or via our external web site information
that comprises protected health information. Such information may be submitted
in Adaptive’s secure portal in connection with our clonoSEQ CLIA service. In
such cases it is governed by other policies that are compliant with the Health
Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). To read about your
rights and our obligations for this information, please see our Notice of
Privacy Practices at http://www.adaptivebiotech.com/legal-privacy. WHAT WE
COLLECT We may collect the following information from you: Personal
information you give us on our website or by email in order to obtain our
services (Personal Information) including:any personal information you enter
on our websites, including when completing a “contact us” form or establishing
or updating your profile in a service user account, your name and job title,
your employer name or other affiliation, contact and shipping information
including your email address, credit card or other payment card information,
information obtained through our use of cookies (explained below), purchase
history (which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other
customers), and when provided, certain health information. Automatic
Information: We receive, store and use (in accordance with this Online Privacy
Policy) certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For
example, like many websites, we obtain certain types of information when your
web browser accesses our websites, including the following: the Internet
protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login;
password; computer and connection information such a browser type, version,
and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system,
and operating platform. We may also collect technical information to help us
identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes. Our
websites also incorporate third-party analytical tools to help us monitor
performance and usage patterns, for example Google Analytics
http://www.google.com/analytics/ PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO EU CITIZENS
Transfers of your Personal Information Adaptive is located in the United
States. If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) and you submit
Personal Information to Adaptive, that information will be transferred to the
United States. Adaptive carries out such transfers on the basis of your
consent and/or Adaptive’s EU-US Privacy Shield certification. You can access
Adaptive’s EU-US Privacy Shield registration here and Adaptive’s EU-US Privacy
Shield policy here http://www.adaptivebiotech.com/privacy-shield-policy.
Adaptive also takes reasonable security measures to protect your Personal
Information during such transfers and to protect its privacy and security in
the United States. Your rights in relation to your Personal Information To the
extent that the EU General Data Processing Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to
Adaptive’s processing of your Personal Information, you may have the following
rights in relation to that Personal Information, including the rights: to
correct any Personal Information that we hold about you; to have your Personal
Information removed under certain circumstances unless continued processing is
necessary by law; to have the processing of your Personal Information
restricted where you dispute its accuracy, if you think its processing is
unlawful, or if you otherwise object to its processing, or when Adaptive no
longer needs your Personal Information and you need it in relation to a legal
claim; to receive copies of your Personal Information under certain
circumstances; and to complain to your national data protection regulator if
you feel that any of your Personal Information is not being processed in
accordance with the GDPR. You may withdraw your consent to the processing of
your Personal Information or marketing communications at any time by emailing:
privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. If you withdraw your consent, Adaptive will stop
processing your Personal Information, unless it has any other legal basis for
doing so, and will stop sending you marketing communications. To exercise any
of these rights, make a complaint, or request any additional information,
please contact us at privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect your Personal Information to understand your
needs and improve or develop our services, and in particular for the following
reasons: To respond to any inquiry you submit on our website To enable you to
create an account on our website To respond to a request for a quote or
information that you submit on our website or otherwise. To provide our
services to you if you request them Internal recordkeeping To improve our
products and services or develop new products or services. With your prior
opt-in consent, to send you emails or other communications about existing or
new or future products or services, Adaptive business, special offers or other
information that we think you may find interesting. With your prior opt-in
consent, to contact you by email, phone, fax or mail for market research
purposes. With your prior opt-in consent, to send you promotional information
about third parties that we think you may find interesting. We will never sell
your information. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or
acquire subsidiaries, affiliates or business units. In such transactions, your
Personal Information may be one of the transferred business assets but remains
subject to the promises made in the most recent pre-existing Online Privacy
Policy. Also, in the unlikely event that Adaptive or substantially all of its
assets are acquired, your Personal Information would be one of the transferred
assets. HOW WE MIGHT SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Service Providers We may
disclose your Personal Information to third-party service providers to provide
us with services such as website hosting, payment processing services and
postal services. Business Partners We may disclose your Personal Information
to our business partners in order to perform services you request or
authorize, including as set forth in this policy, in accordance with our
commercial practices. Corporate Transactions or Events We may disclose your
Personal Information to a third party in connection with a corporate
reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, transfer, investment transaction,
or other disposition of all or any of our business, including in connection
with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings. Legal Obligations We may use or
disclose your Personal Information as we deem necessary or appropriate under
applicable laws, to respond to requests from public and government authorities
including public and government authorities outside your country of residence,
to comply with court orders and other legal processes, to legally protect the
rights, property, or safety of Adaptive, our users, or others and to enforce
our Terms of Use or other agreement with you. Sales and Marketing Purposes
When you provide your consent, we may use or disclose your Personal
Information for sales and marketing purposes, including by disclosing your
Personal Information to third parties for such purposes. LINKS TO OTHER
WEBSITES Our websites may contain links to enable you to visit other websites
of interest easily. We do not have any control over any such other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any
information you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not
governed by this Online Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look
at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question. SECURITY We are
committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the security of your Personal
Information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put
in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard
and secure the Personal Information we collect. HOW WE USE COOKIES A cookie is
a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.
A cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a
particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an
individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes
and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps
us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our websites in order to
tailor them to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical
analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. In addition,
we use Google Analytics to analyze web traffic, but we do not authorize Google
to share in any information about you with any third parties. Overall, cookies
help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which
pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access
to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose
to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full
advantage of our websites. INFORMATION ACCESS, UPDATES AND CHOICE You may
choose to provide information to us by completing a registration form, sending
us an email or otherwise contacting us. In the registration form, you may have
an opportunity to elect to receive certain communications from us. Our email
correspondence will include instructions on how to update certain personal
information and how to unsubscribe from our emails and postal mail
correspondence. Please follow the instructions in the emails to notify us of
changes to your name, email address and preference information. When we think
appropriate, we may take additional steps, such as confirmation emails, to
verify your identity before granting access to your personal information. If
you choose to unsubscribe from our email and/or postal mail services, you will
no longer receive this correspondence. However, we may retain your information
for a period of time to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems or for other
valid business or legal reasons. CHILDREN Our websites are directed toward
adults. We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from
children under age of 13, and if we become aware that we have collected such
information we will delete it. WEBSITE TERMS OF USE If you choose to visit our
websites, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Online
Privacy Policy and our Website Terms of Use, including limitations on damages,
resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington,
United States of America, which is available at
http://www.adaptivebiotech.com/legal-privacy. The use of our websites is
governed by the laws of the state of Washington and the United States. If you
are accessing our websites from any location with regulations or laws
governing personal data collection, use or disclosure that differ from those
of the United States and Washington State, then through your continued use you
are transferring personal information to the United States and you consent to
that transfer and to the collection and processing of such information in the
United States. You also consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of any disputes
arising in connection with our websites in the federal and state courts
located in King County, Washington, USA. You also agree to attempt to first
mediate any such disputes in good faith as we may request. REVISIONS We may
revise this Online Privacy Policy from time to time. All updates to this
statement will be posted on this web page. If we make significant changes, at
our election, we will notify you by posting a notice on the website or by
email (and only if we have your current email address and you have not
previously requested that we refrain from emailing you). Please check our
website for the most current version of our Online Privacy Policy. Your
continued use of our websites after we have revised this Online Privacy Notice
constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667
Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview
Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines
PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships
Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events
Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses