WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Sports Illustrated Gets the Tablet Subscriptions It
Wants. Do Tablet Users Want Sports Illustrated Subscriptions? February 11,
2011 at 11:31 am PT Tweet Share Print Why can’t you buy subscriptions to
digital magazines on the iPad? Because Apple won’t give publishers what they
want: Control of their subscribers’ information. But Google doesn’t seem to
have a problem with that. Which is why Time Inc. just showed off a new
subscription option that will work on Android tablets and phones. As I
reported yesterday, Time Inc. hopes to power all of its magazine offerings
using this platform, so consider the Sports Illustrated offer that kicks off
today a preview of the future. The broad strokes: Consumers download the
magazine app from Google, but go to a Time Inc. Web site to enter their
billing info and pick out a subscription option. The three main flavors: •
Print/Digital (Samsung Galaxy/Android Smartphone/Web): $48 annually or
$4.99/month • Digital Only: $3.99/month • Current print customers will get the
digital version for free until the end of their subscription. Google will keep
an undisclosed percentage of the transaction, but that money isn’t crucial to
Time Warner’s publishing unit. The data is. (For a good overview of why that
matters, check out this essay from former Time Inc. SVP John Squires.) So now
Time Inc., at least, gets what it wants. Will that be enough to make tablet
users happy? Time Inc. executives, along with their counterparts at every
other big publisher, believe the reason iPad magazines haven’t taken off so
far is that they’ve been selling them at print newsstand prices–a single copy
of Sports Illustrated’s iPad app goes for $4.99. All of them pay close
attention to the reviews they get from iTunes commenters, who are consistent
complainers about price. “It bums us out when we get reviewed as being a
shitty application, simply because it costs too much,” SI Editor Terry
McDonell said at the publisher’s news conference this morning. So why not just
slash the price? Because Time Inc. and others really want to sell
subscriptions, and they want a big price difference between a single copy and
a multi-issue commitment. And now they have one: Four issues of Sports
Illustrated on Android costs less than a single copy on your iPad. But it’s
also possible that iPad magazines haven’t taken off yet simply because they’re
still replicas, more or less, of paper magazines, with a dash of extra video
or other multimedia goodies. And that when push comes to shove, print magazine
readers may enjoy reading magazines in print magazine form. And that tablet
users may be looking for something else altogether, which doesn’t really exist
yet. And now that price isn’t an issue, we get to find out. Tagged with:
advertising, Android, Apple, digital, entertainment, Google, Internet, iPad,
iTunes, magazine, magazines, MediaMemo, Peter Kafka, software, Sports
Illustrated, Steve Jobs, subscription, subscriptions, Terry McDonell, Time
Inc., Time Warner, video Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch
TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT
(Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy
Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm
PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter
White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version