WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Judge Says Feds Can Access WikiLeaks-Related
Twitter Accounts March 11, 2011 at 4:09 pm PT Tweet Share Print A federal
judge will allow investigators to see the Twitter messages of people tied to
WikiLeaks. In an opinion issued today in the U.S. District Court for the
Eastern District of Virginia, U.S. Magistrate Judge Theresa Buchanan ruled
against a motion that would have kept the U.S. Department of Justice out the
Twitter accounts of three people who were allegedly involved in the WikiLeaks
affair. The accounts in question belong to Birgitta Jónsdóttir, an Icelandic
lawmaker who assisted with WikiLeaks’ release of a U.S. military video that
had been classified; Jacob Applebaum, a WikiLeaks volunteer based in Seattle;
and Rop Gonggrijp, a Dutch citizen who is co-founder of the Internet service
provider XS4ALL. The U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia had
filed an order in December seeking IP address and other Twitter account
information relating to several users connected to WikiLeaks, including its
head, Julian Assange. Buchanan turned away arguments by the American Civil
Liberties Union, the Electronic Frontier Foundation and private attorneys
saying that the privacy of their accounts were protected by established
federal law and the First Amendment and Fourth Amendment. Twitter account
holders have “no Fourth Amendment privacy interest in their IP addresses,”
Buchanan said, and federal privacy law was not relevant because prosecutors
weren’t seeking the contents of the communications and, aside from direct
messages, their tweets are public already anyway. Twitter said in a statement
that its policy is “designed to allow users to defend their own rights,” and
that it will “let the judicial process run its course.” An appeal to a higher
court is expected. This case emerged in January, when Twitter notified several
users that federal prosecutors had obtained a court order for their account
information. Tagged with: Arik Hesseldahl, Judge Theresa Buchanan, Julian
Assange, law enforcement, litigation, NewEnterprise, privacy, Twitter, U.S.
Department of Justice, WikiLeaks Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version