Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Our Immune
Profiling Platform Translating the brilliance of the adaptive immune system
The immune system is astonishingly brilliant in its ability to precisely
detect and attack disease and to record its activity throughout our lives. Our
team has created a powerful platform to make this elegant complexity
accessible to researchers and clinicians around the world to allow each and
every person’s immune system tell its own story. Combining expertise in
immunosequencing, immunology, computational biology, and software development,
our proprietary, state-of-the-art platform reveals and translates insights
from our adaptive immune systems with unprecedented scale and precision to
diagnose, treat, and monitor disease. Immunosequencing TCR Discovery
Computational Biology Software & Analytics Publications Immunosequencing
Proprietary chemistry to simplify complexity Immunosequencing, pioneered by
Adaptive’s scientific founders, uses patented chemistry to sequence and
quantify all the diverse immune receptors in a biological sample at high-
throughput. This powerful information provides insights into our individual
and collective immune responses to disease and therapies that modulate the
immune system. We are capable of sequencing either single or paired chains
with our immunoSEQ and pairSEQ assays, respectively. TCR DISCOVERY State-of-
the-art immunology for TCR mapping and discovery Combining the power of
immunosequencing with cellular immunology and computational biology, our MIRA
assay (Multiplexed Identification of T-cell Receptor Antigen Specificity)
enables us to map T-cell receptors (TCRs) to antigens at unprecedented scale
and accuracy. The integration of MIRA with differentiated functional assays
and capabilities represent the Adaptive TruTCR™ end-to-end drug discovery
platform. TruTCR drives the identification and characterization of clinical-
grade TCRs for therapeutic use. computational biology World-class
computational biology generates actionable insights and clinical data The
massive amount of immunosequencing data generated by Adaptive’s assays has
required advances in computational biology. Adaptive’s industry-leading team
of experts pioneer new methods to ensure we deliver best-in-class accuracy for
characterizing the adaptive immune repertoire and help our clients and
partners transform immune repertoire data into biological insights and
clinical results. Software & analytics Differentiated software tools to
visualize immune system dynamics Our expert software builders have built
integrated, proprietary, user-friendly tools in the immunoSEQ Analyzer to help
visualize and analyze immunological data from our sequencing chemistry and
computational algorithms. The result is integrated data at the fingertips of
all our collaborators who seek to leverage immune-based insights to improve
human health. See our Analyzer demo PUBLICATIONS Featured publications Explore
the hundreds of articles, published in peer-reviewed journals, using our
proprietary immune profiling platform across cancer, autoimmune conditions and
infectious diseases. Find publications by Adaptive as well as our
collaborators and partners who leverage our technologies. PUBLICATIONS 350+
FEATURED RESEARCH PUBLICATION Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade in high-
risk resectable melanoma Nature Medicine | Papers | October 2018 Preclinical
studies suggest that treatment with neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade is
associated with enhanced survival and antigen-specific T cell responses
compared with adjuvant treatment1; however, optimal regimens have not been
defined. Here we report results from a randomized phase 2 study of neoadjuvant
nivolumab versus combined ipilimumab with nivolumab in 23 patients with high-
risk resect- able melanoma (NCT02519322). RECIST overall response rates (ORR),
pathologic complete response rates (pCR), treatment-related adverse events
(trAEs) and immune correlates of response were assessed. Treatment with
combined ipilimumab and nivolumab yielded high response rates (RECIST ORR 73%,
pCR 45%) but substantial toxicity (73% grade 3 trAEs), whereas treatment with
nivolumab monother- apy yielded modest responses (ORR 25%, pCR 25%) and low
toxicity (8% grade 3 trAEs). Immune correlates of response were identified,
demonstrating higher lymphoid infiltrates in responders to both therapies and
a more clonal and diverse T cell infiltrate in responders to nivolumab
monotherapy. These results describe the feasibility of neoadjuvant immune
checkpoint blockade in melanoma and emphasize the need for additional studies
to optimize treatment regimens and to validate putative biomarkers. View all
publications Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988
Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products &
ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ®
Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular
Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur
Story Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All
Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy
HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses