WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl HP’s Whitman Sees a Tough 2013 as Company
Turnaround Effort Continues October 3, 2012 at 8:15 am PT Tweet Share Print
Hewlett-Packard has convened a meeting of securities analysts in San Francisco
at which CEO Meg Whitman is expected to give the latest look ahead at how she
plans to turn the company around. As shareholders, employees and customers
know all too well, there are many things that need fixing, and the fact that
the share price has recently been trading no higher than where it was in 2002
is about as strong an indication of that as you can get. Whitman has several
items on the agenda about which analysts will be expecting to hear:
Rationalizing her decision to keep the PC business, entering the mobile device
business again after bailing out of the webOS hardware business, fixing the IT
services unit on which the company took an enormous write-down recently, and
growing the software business are but a few. But the big item will be
financial guidance for the coming year. The proceedings are about to begin.
Earlier: 8:16 am: The program is getting under way with introductions. It will
be Cathie Lesjak who gives the much-anticipated financial guidance, and she
will speak after Meg. Right now, Rob Binns is giving an introduction and
reading the safe-harbor statement. Riveting. And here’s Meg. Whitman: Our goal
today is to be pretty straightforward. We want you to understand the journey
that we’re on to turn around one of the world’s great technology franchises.
Whitman: When I became CEO, it was a turbulent time for HP. Since then, I’ve
seen the company’s strengths. Customers and partners want HP to win. One
important strength is global reach. We can reach any corner of the globe. One
of the things I heard we were short of on HP is innovation. My conclusion is
not that we don’t have enough ideas and innovation. It’s that we don’t work
hard enough to get those ideas into the marketplace. Whitman: In the last
decade, HP has made a remarkable transformation from a printing company to a
diversified IT company. Whitman: The good news is that we are No. 1 or 2 in
each of the major markets, and we can leverage that position in areas like
supply chain and distribution. Whitman: HP has a well-known and trusted brand.
We also have a talented, committed and, I would say, resilient workforce. We
will do anything for customers. They are at the heart of the company and have
been for 75 years. In 2002, HP was a printing company with 95 percent of
profits coming from printing. Carly Fiorina and Mark Hurd assembled a powerful
set of businesses. From 2010, HP has seen a multi-quarter decline in revenue
and margins. Whitman: My belief is that the single biggest challenge at HP is
the changes in the CEOs. There have been multiple inconsistent plans and
executional miscues limiting the speed of recovery. 8:27 am: EDS has had four
different leaders in only a few years. All of this is fixable, and it is going
to take some time. In basic execution, HP has challenges. We don’t have the
sharp competitive focus we’re going to use. HP also has too many areas of
focus, whether it’s products or geographies. 8:28 am: Whitman: Expect the
number of printer SKUs to be cut by 50 percent next year. Todd Bradley, the
EVP who runs PCs and printers, was surprised to learn that HP makes 2,100
different printers. Whitman: Marketing hasn’t been centralized; different
units have been spending money inconsistently. Now she’s talking about
compensation. I’ve learned, at HP, you don’t get what you expect, you get what
you inspect. Whitman: It has been over seven years since we’ve had a new
lineup of multifunction printers, but we have a much smaller share than we
should in this market. We are not as competitive as we need to be in how we go
to market. Whitman: We haven’t been using a compelling CRM system. We decided
to move to Salesforce.com, which we think will yield real tangible results.
(I’ll bet this was the “biggest deal ever” rumor that has been murmured about
concerning Salesforce for awhile.) Also good news for Workday — HP is a
customer. Whitman: HP faces dynamic market trends that we must confront.
Mobility, software as a service, the cloud, hyperscaling. Whitman: We also
face very aggressive competitors. We have to demonstrate a will to win. We
face some real macroeconomic headwinds. SMB and enterprise demand in Europe is
very weak. Consumers are spending less, and there’s no question that China is
slowing down. Whitman: I will characterize fiscal year 2012 as diagnosing the
problem and laying foundations for the turnaround. In 2012, the priority was
to stabilize the company. 8:34 am: We have more work to do, but I think we
have made good progress. Whitman: Peeling the onion has taken some time. I’ve
made several organizational and leadership changes that will help HP navigate
the trends better. Whitman: We now have crisp, agreed-upon strategies across
the business units. Whitman: We’ve also renewed HP’s focus on products and
services. Meg is about to run down the next four fiscal years. We’ve just
completed Year One. 2013 will be a fix-and-rebuild year, and we’ll be doing it
in a worse macroeconomic environment. Whitman: We made significant changes to
the salesforce to improve selling but reduce costs. When you disrupt the
salesforce configuration, it takes time to settle in. Expect a broad-based
profit decline in 2013. (Ouch.) The good news in 2013 is that the bulk of the
profit decline will be in enterprise services. Whitman: I believe that 2014
will be the year you see real recovery and expansion at HP. You should see
every business unit recover and grow. Our investments in R&D; and IT will
begin to kick in. And we will have demonstrated an ability to manage costs in
line with revenue. More debt will be paid down. Whitman: 2015 will accelerate.
We should see a vastly reduced number of SKUs and platforms, and this should
reduce costs. Whitman: Compensation will be aligned to business outcomes and
metrics. By 2016, we should have achieved market leadership in many areas.
Financial metric should be growing about as fast as GDP, and profit should be
growing faster than revenue. 8:40 am: Whitman: I now see, up close and
personal, the challenges we face. There are no silver bullets. We will solve
our problems through consistent leadership. Whitman: Now she’s going to run
down what role each business unit is going to play, going forward. Whitman:
The core of the company is infrastructure and hardware. They represent 70
percent of revenue, and it’s something we do better than anyone else, and it’s
the DNA of the company. We need to stand up and be proud of it. People say it
will be a commodity business. I say, not if we can help it. 8:44 am: Three big
themes going forward: Cloud, Security, Information. Whitman: Now she’s diving
into the enterprise services business. She expects a decline in services
revenue, with slowly improving margins. Whitman: Now to PCs and printing: $65
billion, which would make it a Fortune 50 in its own right. PPS will be a low-
growth business. She’s praising Todd Bradley, who took PCs from a money-losing
business to being the biggest PC maker in the world. Whitman: The enterprise
group is a moderate growth business with the potential for faster growth over
time. This business has an excellent set of assets. Whitman: 2013 will be the
year that Technology Services gets integrated into the Enterprise group.
Whitman: Now she’s describing the software unit. 8:50 am: Whitman: For
services, you’ll see we have an entirely different operating model for 2013.
The revenue has been disconnected from the people who own them. For 2013, we
are restoring revenue and profit responsibility to the managers of our top 200
accounts. Whitman: For PPS, we’re closing the product gaps that have hurt PCs
and printers. We’re innovating and betting big on the ink business. Whitman:
In enterprise, it’s all about innovation and the journey to the cloud. For
software, it’s about getting all the consumption models brought about by the
shift to the cloud. Whitman: Today, the architectural advances in enterprise
hardware make it hard to justify the premiums in products from the likes of
EMC and Cisco. Whitman: 3Par and StorOnce are big offerings in data storage.
Whitman: Now she’s talking about the current buzzwords in networking:
Software-defined networking. She said HP has the most comprehensive offering
in the SDN marketplace. (I didn’t know that.) Whitman is running down several
products that she says are showing promise in the marketplace. Storage,
networking, multifunction printers, ArcSight, Autonomy, Vertica. Just looked
at HP shares: They’re down more than 5 percent while Meg has been speaking.
Now at $16.18, down 95 cents. Whitman is pretty close to wrapping up, which
means that CFO Cathie Lesjak will be up with the guidance momentarily.
Whitman: I believe, with every single bone in my body, if we do this right, we
can set HP up to be an unrivaled leader for the next 75 years. 9:02 am: And
here’s Cathie Lesjak. Lesjak: Fiscal 2013 is going to be another challenging
year for HP. Lesjak: We have seen deteriorating market conditions and
execution that is not up to our standards. Lesjak: In the first quarter, we
saw a dip in cash flow, quarter on quarter. We have begun to address these
with leadership changes, but there’s a lot more work to do. We’ve had
discipline in the capital allocation progress. Lesjak: Technology services
will become part of ESSN in fiscal 2013. We are doing this to more
appropriately align how we manage them. Lesjak: We have generated $4 billion
in free cash flow. At an operating company level, our net debt has improved by
$2.5 billion this year. We increased dividend by 10 percent, and bought back
$1.3 billion worth of shares. Lesjak: I know capital allocation is top of mind
for all of you, so I want to walk you through how we invest your money.
Lesjak: Every business unit has differing levels of variable costs. PSG has
sort of a sliding cost structure, but still manages to maintain its operating
margins. Lesjak: In May of this year, we adopted a multiyear restructuring
plan. We are increasing R&D; costs in FY 2013. Lesjak: We expect $1.5 billion
in restructuring in FY 2013. We expect 26,000 people to leave the company as
part of the restructuring. Expect $2.7 billion more in restructuring costs.
Lesjak: Must of the operational savings will be needed to offset the economic
headwinds. 9:09 am: Lesjak: Our main priority is to deploy the appropriate mix
of capital to the most productive uses. Lesjak: Getting back to a mid-single-A
credit rating is a top priority. Lesjak: We need to reduce our net debt
position on the operating company to near-zero. Meanwhile, HP shares are down
6 percent. Looks like it has touched a new 52-week low of $15.93 today. 9:13
am: Lesjak: Now looking at the progress in rebuilding the balance sheet. Our
net debt position is below where a mid-single-A company should be. It will be
a couple years before we are where we need to be. 9:15 am: Here comes the
outlook. Lesjak: We expect continued weakness in the macroeconomic
environment. We expect year-on-year revenue declines in all segments except
software. Lesjak: FY 2013 outlook: Non-GAAP EPS $3.40-$3.60. There goes the $4
that analysts had been looking for. This is based on an assumption that
Enterprise Services Business Revenue will decline 11 percent to 13 percent
across the company. With operating margins of zero to 3 percent. That’s pretty
huge. And now HP shares are nearing a 7 percent drop. Lesjak: We continue to
expect continued weakness in Business Critical Systems. Lesjak just ran
through a slide showing where HP expects different business units to
contribute to the declines. Enterprise Services will see declines of 29 cents
to 35 cents a share, the Enterprise Group will see declines of five cents to
12 cents. Software will contribute one cent to three cents per share in
growth. PSG, the PC group, will be flat to slightly down by one cent. IPG,
a.k.a. Printers, will grow by five cents to eight cents. Lesjak: Let’s look
beyond fiscal 2013. We expect to be a GDP growth company with key segments
that grow faster than that. That, combined with growth in software, will grow
our top line. 9:27 am: And Lesjak is done speaking. I’m going to close out the
liveblog here. Tagged with: Cathie Lesjak, enterprise hardware, Hewlett-
Packard, HP, Meg Whitman, PCs, servers, software Apple Denies Working with NSA
on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version