WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka AOL Bets Big on Web Video News With HuffPost Live (And on
Tape) August 13, 2012 at 5:30 am PT Tweet Share Print After a very long drum
roll, the Huffington Post launches HuffPost Live, its streaming Web video news
operation, this morning. If you’ve watched the streaming video that other
newspapers and Web sites have put out, you’ll have a good idea of what to
expect at 10 am ET today: Something that approximates the form of cable news,
but with Webbier sensibilities and production values. But HuffPost Live will
stand out from the stuff you’ve seen from the likes of Politico, the New York
Times and The Wall Street Journal (which, like this Web site, is owned by News
Corp.), in a couple ways. For starters, the site’s interface will look a lot
different from its peers. Yes, you’ll still see talking heads, talking. But
you’ll also see a lot of bells and whistles designed to highlight and
encourage comments from viewers, including a “join this segment” feature that
is supposed to let people chime in live via Webcam. HuffPost Live will also
spend a lot of time … live. While many of its competitors spend some time
streaming live, HuffPo will be showing 12 hours of live programming a day, and
HuffPost Live head Roy Sekoff thinks he can ramp that up to 16 hours next
year. Still, most of HuffPost Live’s traffic will likely come from Web surfers
who find clips after the fact. And while lots of other news operations are
tackling Web video by hiring a few producers and tech experts, then asking
their existing staff to stand in front of a camera, HuffPo has bet big on this
launch, with a staff of 100. You’ll see existing HuffPo talent on the screen
from time to time, but almost everyone working on the video show has joined
the company in recent months. Here’s an edited version of an interview I
conducted with Sekoff last week, as his team was putting its finishing touches
on the new channel. Kafka: There are a lot of news sites trying to do some
kind of video programming now. But none of them are throwing 100 people at it.
Why go this big? Sekoff: I felt like I wanted to do something that was
disruptive. You can go down the list, of all the people who are doing [web
video], and it all looks the same — television not done very well. That wasn’t
of interest. I just didn’t think we could be disruptive by doing the same
thing — shooting editorial meetings, or shooting the newsroom with a reporter
coming in and just chatting. And you’re stressing the live component, and
especially live commenting, much more than anyone else, too. We want the
community to be very involved, front and center. We want them to be an
integral part of our programming, not an afterthought. Not “We have this
expert, and we have that person Skyped in, and oh, John in Wyoming … sorry, we
don’t have time for you, John.” The only way to do that is if you’re live, in
real time. Because you can’t get people to join you [otherwise]. You can’t do
call-in radio on tape delay. But like everyone else who does video, most of
the views you’ll get won’t be from people watching live, right? In order to
join us live, we have to be live. [But] the other part of our business is very
much on video-on-demand. People want premium video content. How can you create
a tremendous amount of video content at scale? [This] is actually a very cost
effective way. That’s one of the reasons we’re doing the 12 hours. We want to
be there when things are happening [and] we want to be able to churn out
material. Every time we do a live segment, we’re clipping. We’re taking the
best things that come up, and we’re embedding them in HuffPost stories. So on-
demand drives views and dollars. And you’ll also have live, which is a nice
option. Exactly. Tagged with: advertising, AOL, Arianna Huffington, Huffington
Post, HuffPost Live, live video, New York Times, News Corp., Roy Sekoff,
streaming video, Tim Armstrong, Wall Street Journal, Web video Twitter Asks
You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using
Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version