WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl After the PlayStation Hack, a Legal Pile-On
Against Sony April 28, 2011 at 11:47 am PT Tweet Share Print It looks like
Sony is going to be spending a lot more money on lawyers. After admitting that
an attack by an unknown hacker included a breach of customer data of some 77
million people on its PlayStation Network and its Qriocity media store, Sony
has been sued in federal court in San Francisco by a plaintiff in Alabama, and
it’s hard to say there won’t be more suits like it to follow. Sony says that
the credit card data associated with the accounts was encrypted, though there
are anecdotal reports of credit card fraud occurring coincidental with the
timing of the breach. On top of that, regulators in places as varied as
Connecticut and the U.K. and Ireland are demanding information, often the
first step in investigations that lead to lawsuits. The office of Ireland’s
data protection commissioner (cool title) says it wants a full report on the
incident by the end of the week. The U.K.’s Information Commissioner’s Office
is investigating. Perhaps Sony’s one lucky draw in all this, as Parmy Olson of
Forbes notes, is that it won’t have to face the full fury of the European
Union because authority for data privacy issues are reserved to individual
member countries. Meanwhile, the attorneys general of several U.S. states are
starting to rumble, starting with Connecticut’s George Jepson, who said he is
launching an investigation, while his counterparts in Missouri and Iowa are
making the kind of public statements that are often a precursor to
investigations of their own. A few lawmakers in Congress are tsk-ing
disapprovingly too, mulling hearings and new legislation. Below is an
appearance on CNBC by Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., suggesting that the
Department of Justice should launch its own investigation. Thanks, Senator.
However, my guess is that if the systems compromised are in the U.S.–and given
the number of PlayStation Network customers there are in the U.S., how can
they not be?–then one branch of Justice is already likely involved: The FBI.
Hasn’t Sony already disclosed that it’s working with law enforcement? This
isn’t exactly the sort of thing for which you call a local police agency.
Tagged with: Arik Hesseldahl, Attorney General, breach, Congress, Connecticut,
credit card data, customer data, hackers, Iowa, Missouri, NewEnterprise,
passwords, Playstation, Playstation Gaming Network, privacy, Richard
Blumenthal, security, security feature, Sony Marc Benioff on Salesforce.com’s
“Monster Quarter” and the Road Ahead May 20, 2011 at 5:00 am PT Cisco Still
Totally Hearts Linksys and WebEx May 19, 2011 at 5:17 pm PT Investors Still
Like the Taste of Salesforce’s Kool-Aid May 19, 2011 at 4:02 pm PT Read Léo
Apotheker’s “Tough Quarter” Memo in Full May 19, 2011 at 12:28 pm PT Cisco May
Next Rid Itself of Linksys and WebEx May 19, 2011 at 7:30 am PT AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version