WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Windows Software for
Business, Pleasure March 30, 2006 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s no
other major item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable and
unreliable as our personal computers. Everybody has questions about them, and
we aim to help. Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received
recently from people like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the
questions a bit, for readability. This week my mailbox contained questions
about Microsoft’s Media Center software, Apple laptops for college freshmen
and computer monitors. If you have a question, send it to me at
mossberg@wsj.com, and I may select it to be answered here in Mossberg’s
Mailbox. I am considering purchasing a Dell Windows Media Center PC. Its
primary use would be for entertainment, but I would also likely use it for
some business use. Will a PC with Media Center run Office [and other] software
like a regular XP machine? Yes. Microsoft’s Media Center software is a special
version of Windows XP. It has a remote-controllable interface that can be used
for playing media from across a room. But this interface need not be used all
the time. When it isn’t in use, Media Center reverts to Windows XP,
Professional edition. So, Media Center computers can be used like any other XP
Pro machines. They can run all Windows programs, including Microsoft Office.
By the way, this is the last year Microsoft will be selling the Media Center
Edition of Windows, but the functions of Media Center aren’t being
discontinued. They are being folded into some of the versions of the new
Windows Vista operating system, which will be available in January. My
grandson wants an Apple laptop for college. Does it make sense to go all the
way with the new MacBook Pro, or would the 12-inch PowerBook G4 likely be good
enough? The MacBook Pro is a high-end laptop that costs $2,000 and up. It’s
probably overkill for a college freshman, unless he or she will be taking a
heavy dose of engineering or graphics classes. For most freshmen, the 12-inch
PowerBook ($1,499), or even the iBook G4 ($999) would be a fine choice. Be
prepared to spend a little extra for either model, as you’ll need to buy a
copy of the Mac version of Microsoft Office, which costs $150 for students.
Unfortunately, I am among the small percentage of the population that can
actually perceive light fluctuations at 60 hertz — or cycles per second — the
rate at which many monitors redraw their screens. This means a standard
computer monitor looks like a strobe light to me, and gives me a whopping
headache, if I spend a couple of hours in front of one. Is there a solution?
Yes. Most monitors offer settings that allow them to operate at higher rates —
say 75 Hz — which cycle faster and thus offer less visible flickering. This
setting is called the “refresh rate.” It is adjustable from both Windows and
Macintosh computers. You may be able to end your problem just by changing this
setting to a higher refresh rate. It’s a good idea to use the highest refresh
rate that your monitor can handle. In Windows, you can find this setting in
the Display control panel, which is in the Appearance and Themes group. In the
Display control panel, click on the Settings tab. Then click on Advanced, and
then Monitor, to find the available refresh rates. On a Mac, just launch
System Preferences, select Displays, and Click on the Display button to see
the Refresh Rate choices. Tagged with Apple, Dell, hertz, iBook, laptop,
MacBook, Macintosh, media center, Microsoft, Office, PowerBook, Vista,
Windows, XP Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at
6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT
Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas
on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices
December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD
contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The
Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version