WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Bloomberg Buys BusinessWeek for a Song, Plus Up to $5
Million October 13, 2009 at 2:35 pm PT Tweet Share Print What’s one of the
biggest names in magazine publishing worth? These days, maybe $5 million, plus
liabilities. That’s the high end of the range Bloomberg will be paying for
BusinessWeek, reports BusinessWeek, which has done an excellent job of
covering its sale. One important note to make about the price: Those
liabilities could total up to $32 million, although it’s not clear whether
Bloomberg will assume all of them. Can’t call this one a surprise, as
Bloomberg has reportedly been the lead bidder for some time now. BusinessWeek
employees spent most of the day waiting for an announcement to that effect,
and finally heard one, via Bloomberg’s wire service, shortly after 5 pm EDT.
Shortly after, BusinessWeek Editor Stephen J. Adler gathered his troops for an
informal meeting to discuss the news and to discuss some blocking and
tackling: No news on rumored (and expected) layoffs. But he did tell staffers
that those who are cut after the deal closes later this year will receive the
same severance package they would have gotten if they were still employed by
McGraw-Hill (MHP), the magazine’s parent company. There most certainly will be
cuts: McGraw-Hill is selling the 80-year-old magazine because it’s a money pit
that was losing between $20 million and $40 million a year, depending on your
accounting. And the publisher’s bankers promoted a layoff plan as part of the
sales process. What exactly deep-pocketed Bloomberg intends to do with the
publication, however, is unclear. The company, which makes its money renting
its namesake terminals to Wall Street traders, is thought to be running its
magazine and TV news operations at a loss as it tries to grab a footprint in
consumer media. It may ultimately be willing to run BusinessWeek at a loss for
a while, as well. And now a tiny bit of context: At the beginning of this
year, there were four major business magazines. Now one, Condé Nast’s
Portfolio, has been shut down and another sold at a fire-sale price.
Meanwhile, my former colleagues at Forbes expect to hear about yet another
restructuring round in the near future. And while Time Warner (TWX) CEO Jeff
Bewkes was careful to list Fortune magazine among the core assets at his
company’s Time Inc. unit at an industry event today, that can’t assure the
queasy souls who work there. Here’s the memo to BusinessWeek staff from the
magazine’s BusinessWeek publisher, Keith Fox: All, Moments ago, McGraw-Hill
announced that Bloomberg L.P. has agreed to acquire BusinessWeek. This is
exciting news on many levels. Joining forces with another of the world’s
leading news organizations enhances BusinessWeek’s ability to further serve
our global audience and our valued customers. And Bloomberg will gain a
powerful brand with a history of editorial excellence and strong reach among
business professionals. While the ink is barely dry and the long-term plans
are being worked out, we do know that Bloomberg is committed to and values our
brand, our editorial integrity, and our ability to drive advertising,
circulation, and new digital revenue. BusinessWeek will strengthen Bloomberg’s
online, television and mobile products and creates an opportunity for
Bloomberg News to reach decision makers in the c-suite. Online,
BusinessWeek.com and Bloomberg.com will have more unique visitors than any
non-portal business and financial site. In addition, Bloomberg expects to
build television content around the powerful BusinessWeek brand and our world-
class journalists. I am tremendously proud of the work all of you have done in
the past few months. Despite the uncertainty, we have continued to produce
first-class products for our readers and advertisers, and I want to thank you
deeply for your efforts. I also want to thank Steve Adler, Jessica Sibley,
Tania Secor, Roger Neal, and Linda Brennan, for their extraordinary ability to
personify the best of BusinessWeek during the deal process while leading their
respective organizations. I know that while this announcement answers some of
the questions you’ve been asking over the past few months, it raises others.
The sale is expected to close by the end of the year and we will be working on
transition plans in the coming weeks. I can tell you that all BusinessWeek
staffers will remain employees of The McGraw-Hill Companies until the
transaction closes, and that it will be business as usual–producing the
magazine and the website, and serving our advertisers–through the close. We
will give you more details when we can. We’ll be holding a town hall meeting
later today at 5:45 EST, after which a Q&A; will be provided to all employees;
you will receive more details shortly. A call for the Asia teams will be
scheduled shortly. Again, I want to thank you all for your professionalism and
dedication during a challenging time. I look forward to working with you on
the promising next chapter in BusinessWeek’s history. Keith Tagged with:
advertising, bidder, Bloomberg, brand, Businessweek, circulation, Condé Nast,
debt, digital, employees, Forbes, Fortune, Internet, Jeff Bewkes, Keith Fox,
layoffs, magazine, McGraw Hill, MediaMemo, online, Peter Kafka, portal,
portfolio, publishing, readers, revenue, sale, severance, Stephen J. Adler,
television, Time Inc., Time Warner, TV, Wall Street, website Twitter Asks You
How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using
Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version