WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Big Web Video’s Big Star Is … Anthony Zuiker? April 26,
2012 at 8:40 am PT Tweet Share Print Have you been on TV before? Have you made
something that has been on TV before? Then the big Web video companies would
like to talk to you: They’re looking for recognizable names and faces they can
bring in front of advertisers, so they can move some of those really big TV
dollars over to the Web. That’s why Google trotted out Anthony Zuiker, the guy
behind “CSI,” when it made its first big pitch to marketers back in January.
And when Yahoo made its own pitch to advertisers in New York yesterday, it
devoted plenty of stage time to … Anthony Zuiker. Anthony Zuiker? Yep. There
were plenty of other famous people on hand for Yahoo’s pitch, too — notably,
Katie Couric, who wore some very high, very ambitious heels and totally pulled
them off. But Zuiker got his own solo spotlight, where he got to pitch
“Cybergeddon,” a 90-minute sci-fi movie that Yahoo will start showing in
10-minute segments in September. It’s a fair bet that most of the crowd (and
most of you) would have a hard time identifying Zuiker on the street. But he’s
the cabbie-turned-writer who created “CSI,” and “CSI” has generated a
gazillion dollars for CBS, so the marketing message here is clear: Hey! This
guy could do anything he wants, and he wants to make Web video. So pay
attention — and pay up, please. Zuiker hasn’t actually abandoned his TV roots.
He has a production deal with ABC, and thinks that some of the Web stuff he’s
doing could end up migrating to the biggish screen one day, too. But he’s
clearly reveling in the freedom and flexibility that the Web offers — and the
stage time, too. We talked briefly after his presentation yesterday: Tagged
with: ABC, advertising, Anthony Zuiker, CBS, CSI, Cybergeddon, Disney, Google,
Katie Couric, Web video, Yahoo Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You
Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00
am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT
Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013
at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at
6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies +
Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version