Enterprise Dropbox Goes Business Class With New Enterprise Tools Published on
November 13, 2013 by Liz Gannes Dropbox today is launching a new enterprise-
friendly version of its file-hosting service. Rather than create two separate
offerings for personal and business use, the company has rebuilt its core
product to allow enterprise users to control what their employees have access
to, and to allow consumers to separate their personal files from their work
files. That means company admins will have enterprise-grade tools like shared
audit logs; remote wipe and account transfer when an employee leaves a
company; centralized billing; two-step verifications; and 24/7 customer
service. Meanwhile, individual users will have both a personal folder they
control, as well as a work folder they share with their company. The product
will cost $795 per year for five users, and $125 per additional user per year.
It is to launch in beta this month, and more broadly next year. Dropbox is
already a significant business product — at least according to Dropbox. The
company claims that its 200 million-plus users save more than 1 billion files
every day. “That’s more tweets than on Twitter,” points out Dropbox CEO Drew
Houston. “And it isn’t 140-character snippets, it’s your most important
stuff.” And according to an internal count, four million companies use Dropbox
today, including 97 percent of the Fortune 500. Now Dropbox is going to take
those businesses more seriously. But that doesn’t mean it’s splitting off
separate tools. It means it’s adding corporate-grade tools to the core Dropbox
product. “Some people think there’s a consumer version of Dropbox and then
there’s this different enterprise version of Dropbox,” Houston said. “We think
that’s ridiculous. There should be only one.” Switching between two products
would waste users’ time, he argued. Dropbox had to spend a year rebuilding its
products to add the new enterprise-class controls the company unveiled today.
“We’d been nervous,” Houston said. “If we clear off your computer, we might
remote wipe all your baby photos.” Yet, there’s more work to be done. The new
version of Dropbox doesn’t include employee collaboration tools. And that
feature will be essential for fully taking on Google and Microsoft in the
productivity space. “We understand exactly what we have to build next,” said
business product head Ilya Fushman. Return to: Dropbox Goes Business Class
With New Enterprise Tools URL: http://allthingsd.com/20131113/dropbox-adds-
enterprise-tools-without-splitting-them-out-from-personal-use/ Brought to you
by The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.