WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Judge to Samsung: Tell Me Again Why I Shouldn’t Sanction
You November 9, 2013 at 1:45 pm PT Tweet Share Print A judge overseeing
document handling in the Apple-Samsung case said Friday that it appears
Samsung’s outside lawyers did indeed violate an order that should have kept
them from sharing certain documents with the Korean electronics giant. Nokia
filed a motion in July arguing that Samsung’s lawyers had breached the
protective order designed to keep business agreements obtained for the case
away from the company itself. Apple filed a motion in August asking for
sanctions and the right to investigate how Samsung officials came to know the
details of Apple’s licensing agreement with Nokia. Magistrate Judge Paul
Grewal said he has finished poring through boxes and boxes of Samsung
documents trying to get to the bottom of the ongoing dispute. “Having finally
crawled out from under the boxes, it appears to the undersigned that if
anything was breached, it was this court’s protective order, and that
sanctions against Samsung and its attorneys are warranted,” Grewal said in an
order compelling Samsung to explain why sanctions aren’t merited for the
violation. Grewal said, “Even after this exhaustive process, the court still
does not have a complete picture of the events giving rise to this procedural
flurry.” However, based on the evidence so far, he said it appears Quinn
Emanuel lawyers failed to redact confidential business information from an
expert report and that Samsung wrongfully used the information in preparing
for negotiations with Nokia and Ericsson. As a result, he said, some sanctions
appear warranted. Samsung and its lawyers have until Dec. 2 to write a brief
to make the case why sanctions aren’t warranted, while Apple and Nokia can
file papers outlining what they feel appropriate sanctions would be. A Samsung
representative was not immediately available for comment. Tagged with: Apple,
Apple-Samsung, Ericsson, intellectural property, Nokia, patents, Paul Grewal,
Quinn Emanuel, Samsung Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as
2013 Draws to a Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft
Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm
PT BlackBerry’s John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker
December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to
Researchers in Antarctica December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to
Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm
PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version