WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl In New Challenge to Dropbox and Box, YouSendIt
Morphs Into Hightail July 10, 2013 at 4:47 am PT Tweet Share Print It may have
been awhile since you’ve thought about YouSendIt, the cloud-based file-sharing
service that has been around since the middle of the last decade. For all that
time, it has been best known for coming in handy when you had to send someone
an email attachment that was too big for the company email server, or even for
Gmail. But time has moved on, and now there are so many file-sharing services
in the cloud — Dropbox, Box, Google Drive and the like — that sending large
attachments has kind of become beside the point. YouSendIt has been humming
along quietly, having carved out an early and loyal niche of business users. A
trusted brand name, it has 43 million people — free and paid — using it around
the world, in 193 countries. And, of course, in that time, its service has
grown far beyond the paradigm of “sending large attachments,” but the name
sort of places fences around how you’re inclined to think about it. “The name
constrained our product breadth,” CEO Brad Garlinghouse told me. “It didn’t
indicate our current product breadth, let alone where we were headed.” So a
new name was created, with a little help from Siegel+Gale, and is part of a
broader shake-up of the company’s business that Garlinghouse has been working
on since taking over as CEO last year. He’s a former senior VP at Yahoo, where
his portfolio included Yahoo Mail and its other communications products. He
was also president of consumer applications at AOL. Today, YouSendIt is
changing its name to Hightail, and is rebranding itself as more of a broad-
based file-sharing and collaboration service. It’s also throwing down the
gauntlet to other services in the space: For $15.99 a month, it’s offering
unlimited file storage. “The name gives us a chance to differentiate in the
marketplace,” Garlinghouse said. “There are a lot of companies with ‘box’ or
‘sync’ or ‘drive’ in their name. There’s a lot of blue logos and names in this
space. It’s starting to get pretty homogenous.” DropBox and Box? He’s looking
at you. The business goes well beyond storage, Garlinghouse said, though the
fact is that the others see it in broader terms, as well. Other services he
said, charge tiered pricing for more capacity. “Over the long term that’s not
a great business,” he said. “Our view is that we should try to be different
from the others around the application, around what you can do with your
files.” Among the features the company has added over the years are digital
signatures, annotation, management, and notification when a recipient has seen
a document they’ve been sent. The relaunch includes a new mobile presence,
including apps on Apple’s iPhone and iPad, plus Android phones and tablets and
Windows Phone 8. That’s on top of existing desktop apps for Windows and Mac,
plus plugins for Microsoft Outlook and Mozilla’s Thunderbird email client. And
there are bigger plans. Earlier this year, YouSendIt acquired Found, a company
that makes a desktop application on the Mac that unifies several cloud storage
services into a single environment. It supports services like Google’s Gmail,
Evernote, Google Drive, Dropbox and Microsoft’s SkyDrive, and makes files
stored in them searchable within a single unified interface. “As there are
more cloud services, you end up with stuff everywhere, and it’s hard to find,”
Garlinghouse said. Expect more developments on that front later this year. And
say what you will about whether this rebranding effort will work — the fact is
that the company is restarting itself from a fairly strong position. It raised
about $50 million in venture capital funding over five years, but its last
round, a Series D, was in early 2010. Garlinghouse said he doesn’t expect to
be raising money anytime soon. “We’re not quite cash-flow positive, but we’ve
been judicious in our spending,” he said. Tagged with: AOL, box, Brad
Garlinghouse, cloud computing, cloud storage, collaboration, Dropbox, email,
email attachments, file sharing, Google, Google Drive, Hightail, Mozilla,
Thunderbird, Yahoo, Yahoo Mail, YouSendIt Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version