WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Drake Martinet, Associate Editor, All Things Digital Early Adopter:
Connect Your Personal Data Pipes Together With Ifttt’s Digital Duct Tape
February 11, 2011 at 9:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Early Adopter is all about
emerging trends and the chewy little companies that creep in to define
emerging spaces. For a couple of years, I’ve been watching companies expand
the conception of what APIs can be used for. As the complexity and utility of
those data pipes grow, companies have been adopting another trend: One that
places graphic and interface design at the center of a new product, as much as
the engineering and programming that makes it function. This is a trend that
ifttt founder Linden Tibbets has been thinking about as well. Ifttt,
(pronounced “ift”) stands for “if this, then that,” which über-geeks will
recognize as a foundational logic and programming action. The concept is
simple. When one state is reached, an action will automatically be triggered.
For example, there is an “if” function inside the computer that controls the
automatic wipers on a car. If rain is sensed, then the wipers turn on. Ifttt
pulls a user’s Web services out of their silos and allows those automatic if
functions to take place across several services at once–essentially allowing
users to easily connect several APIs end-to-end. In the case of Tibbets’s
ifttt Web app, the user chooses from channels to create the if situation, and
then from other channels to have the output, or the then-that action. All of
the ifs and thens are gathered from the growing API-driven Web. Got it?
Although bootstrapped and still in private beta, ifttt is already building up
an impressive set of services that can help users connect to and semi-
automate. As of today, ifttt already connects to and enables actions between
several Web clipping services, Facebook, Twitter, Vimeo, Evernote, Flickr,
phone–both voice and text–and even craigslist. Each channel has its own set of
action choices, depending both on what the service is used for and what
actions are acessable via that service’s API. Actions can be as simple as
automatically sending the user a text message when the weather changes to
rainy (not a new trick), or as complex as automatically uploading an image to
Facebook whenever the user uploads that photo to flicker with the tag
“Facebook.” “Right now we are focused on adding more channels and listening to
what users want to use the service for,” said Tibbets. He explained that he
and co-founder Jesse Tane are working on integration with cloud file service
dropbox, as well as on Google Chat integration. Tibbets comes to ifttt after a
few years situated right between the design and tech spaces. After attending
Santa Clara College on a basketball scholarship (he’s around 6′ 6″) and
graduating with a computer engineering degree, he spent time working on games
at Elecronic Arts before moving to Palo Alto, Calif.-based design darling
IDEO. Tibbets spent the last three years working on internal social-sharing
projects at IDEO, before founding ifttt and launching the Web app of the same
name in early November of 2010. Ifttt is useful for sending yourself
notifications, but Tibbets believes the real value is in creating connections
between the Web services available in ifttt. The zeitgeist for APIs use is to
channel info out of one Web service and into another, as defined by a single
site or app maker. Tibbets’s efforts put individuals more at the center of how
their information flows around them. This concept can get complicated in a
hurry, and that’s where others have failed, at least according to Tibbets. He
explained: “It’s about usability, and being simple enough to understand and
implement in your own life. Ifttt began more complex, but we cut a lot out of
it, to make it simple enough to understand quickly.” Indeed, lack of
simplicity may be what keeps services like Yahoo’s Pipes, which can do many of
the same things ifttt can, from becoming popular with a broader consumer
group. Ifttt is also developing native mobile apps that will focus on ultra-
simple activation of an ifttt task. He said that a major barrier to him doing
certain things on a mobile device is that he feels it is just anti-social to
have his phone out for more than 20 seconds. To alleviate the anti-social
dilemma, ifttt’s mobile apps will focus on quickly activating preprogrammed
tasks. Ifttt co-founder Tane is working full time on the apps, although there
is no release date set. Tibbets admits that ifttt is still little more of an
idea and a high-resolution prototype than it is a full-fledged product. But
his hopes hang on his philosophy about how to build value, which is either a
little counter to, or ahead of, the current trend in Web apps. “Our value
won’t be built on adding your friends or sharing functionality to some other
service,” he said. “Ours will be about creating something that would still be
a valuable if there were only 20 people left on earth and none of them were
your friends.” We sat Tibbets down (literally, we had to make him sit or we
wouldn’t have been able to reach to get good video) near ifttt’s San Francisco
headquarters to get the quick rundown on ifttt’s present and future. Enjoy the
video. (Early Adopter is a new column on early-stage start-ups and ideas
written weekly by Drake Martinet.) Tagged with: API, APIs, del.icio.us,
digital, Evernote, Facebook, fffound, Flickr, frontpage, Google Reader, if
this, ifttt, innovation, Internet, iPhone, Jesse Tane, Linden Tibbets,
Smallbiz Feature, software, then that, Twitter, Vimeo, Yahoo Pipes Must-Reads
from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas,
Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to
Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton, Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My
Year With Google Glass Mat Honan, Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris
Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and
Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors, Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside »
About Voices Along with original content and posts from across the Dow Jones
network, this section of AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites —
pieces we’ve read, discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from
external sites are included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines.
We link to the original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly
labeled, so it’s clear that the content comes from other websites, and for
clarity’s sake, all outside posts run against a pink background. We also
solicit original full-length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions.
Read more » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon
Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering
a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version