WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Rainn Wilson Says Amazon’s New Kindle Commercial Looks
Too Familiar October 7, 2013 at 2:05 pm PT Tweet Share Print As consumer tech
commercials go, Amazon’s newest spot for its Kindle line isn’t that exciting.
Like most Amazon consumer tech commercials, it is light on sizzle, heavy on
people describing the product’s specs and features. This time, the people
doing the talking are supposedly “real people,” sitting on a couch in front of
New York’s Flatiron building. No big deal, right? Not so, says actor Rainn
Wilson, who you know as Dwight from NBC’s “The Office.” Wilson is also one of
the guys behind SoulPancake, a not-so-easy-to-describe “platform” for
discussion about spirituality and positivity and creativity and stuff. They
have a (Google-funded) YouTube channel, too. And Wilson says Amazon based its
commercial on one of their videos: Congrats @Amazon & @AmazonKindle 4 totally
ripping off @SoulPancake in their new ad: http://t.co/4fVmmeTpPP. [See:
http://t.co/menwGNWJz4]. — RainnWilson (@rainnwilson) October 7, 2013 Maybe.
I’ve (sort of sheepishly) asked the Amazon folks for comment. I assume they’ll
get back to me right after they finish up that press release which details
exactly how many Kindles they’ve sold to date. In the meantime, some not-very-
involved sleuthing will turn up other examples of people who have filmed
people sitting on couches on the street. Last year, someone named Kristian
Reimer, for instance, produced four of these. Though it’s possible that the
Amazon folks or their ad agency never saw them, because they appear to have
generated fewer than 350 views prior to today. And, as Josh Bonnar points out,
the concept has shown up in commercials before. Here’s one from Kleenex,
featuring tears, hugs and a Goo Goo Dollsy soundtrack: Tagged with:
advertising, Amazon, couch, Google, Kindle, Kleenex, Rainn Wilson, sidewalk,
SoulPancake, Street, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You
Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00
am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT
Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013
at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at
6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies +
Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version