WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher To Err Is Human, to Live Divine: How Exactly No
One Got It Right About Steve Jobs's Health January 6, 2009 at 11:00 am PT
Tweet Share Print [UPDATED] You knew it was coming, of course. Since the
blogosphere couldn’t actually kill him off–deeply lazy and incredibly wrong in
insinuating that Apple CEO Steve Jobs was dying imminently–it turned around
yesterday and declared him a liar for not saying he had a “hormonal imbalance”
sooner. Of course, Apple (AAPL) has also played along in this bizarre game,
along with its defenders, who have all tried to pretend nothing is wrong with
a man who clearly looks like he has had the stuffing knocked out of him
because of his long-running health issues. Still, the worst offender, of
course, was the original story in Gizmodo by Jesus Diaz last week about Jobs’s
keynote pullout from Macworld, using a single source for the report that Jobs
was doomed. In it, Diaz went well over the top by using this one source as
confirmation that Jobs was “declining rapidly” and “it may be even worse than
we imagined” and, quoting the source directly, “Apple is choosing to remove
the hype factor strategically vs. letting the hype destroy Apple when the
inevitable news comes later this spring.” That sounds pretty bad to me.
Inevitable, of course, always means taxes or death and dying. As in pancreatic
cancer returning. As in start cuing the pallbearers. Get Marcus Welby, M.D.,
stat! As it turned out, it was also a bit of a premature diagnosis by someone
not a doctor but playing one on the Web, as Jobs countered the rumors with his
own news yesterday in a terse letter that ended with the back of his hand to
crepe-hangers like Diaz and his specious source: “So now I’ve said more than I
wanted to say, and all that I am going to say, about this.” So it’s done,
right? Sadly, no, it is not. Not satisfied to be utterly wrong about relaying
on a rotten source and posting it with a screaming headline and declaring
someone on death’s door and then finding that perhaps he had a breath or two
still in him–remind me never to tell Nick Denton I am feeling nauseous or I
will be on my way to the morgue pronto–Gizmodo tried to twist its original
story into a shape even the the malleable corpse in “Weekend at Bernies” could
not get into, and got it wrong a second time yesterday. Under the new title,
“Steve Jobs Skips Macworld Because of His Health,” the new post started:
“Looks like our source was partly right: Jobs’ condition was the a reason for
his Macworld no-show.” Except Jobs did not ever say that in his letter, except
to note: “A few weeks ago, I decided that getting to the root cause of this
and reversing it needed to become my #1 priority.” Does the mean he quit
Macworld because of that alone? I have no idea and neither does Gizmodo, which
seems to still have done no actual reporting on this issue it makes such a big
deal of. Instead, the post whips up implied guilt without a shred of real
reporting. It could be true, it could be false. But Diaz does not help us,
except to just ask us to take his say-so. It’s profoundly simplistic and reeks
of an agenda. More importantly, here’s the problem with portraying the
Macworld withdrawal as so cut and dried: At all corporations I have ever
covered, big decisions are nearly always a complex mix of emotion and business
and chaos. To wit: It is well known Apple hates Macworld, and having to
introduce a fabulous new product at a weird time too. My guess–and that is all
it is–as to what seems plausible: Apple had no wow products to show. Execs
have wanted out for a while. Jobs felt lousy and wanted to try to get better.
A confluence of events seems more likely than one big Apple plot. But it did
not stop Gizmodo from declaring it so, by egregiously reading into Jobs’s
letter, as if it were tea leaves and Diaz was that wacky divination professor
from “Harry Potter.” As Hermione Granger said of her: Rubbish. Then, worse,
Diaz goes for the full pretzel, noting about the Jobs letter: “What does this
mean? First and foremost, that his health is not declining rapidly now, as our
source affirmed. Thank god for that. Like I said in the original article, I
hoped our source was wrong about this point, and they were. The source’s
information was probably from earlier in the year.” What? Earlier this year?
Probably? This is a whole new kind of backpedaling. Actually, when you boil it
down to the really important issue, it was posting the information about Jobs
being on his deathbed that was wrong, and no amount of fobbing off blame on
the source can fix that. All this could have been solved if Apple were more
forthcoming, of course, but this is akin to wishing for a miracle cure. Apple
should be, obviously, although the company is also well-known for its
secretive behavior, which continues to surprise people covering it, despite it
being business as usual for almost its entire history. And, as the Gizmodo
follow piece does correctly point out, the Jobs-Is-Fine-and-Dandy reporting
done by CNBC’s Jim Goldman (and clearly fed by Apple) also went too far in the
other direction and oddly ignored the obvious signs of some kind of health
issue. And Goldman’s own claim later that he was sort-of right was just as
silly. Neither he or Diaz seems to be. Jobs is not well as Goldman claimed,
but neither is he dying as Diaz said (Sorry, Jesus, I mean your source said,
although you talked to that source, used the info, typed it in and let it
fly.) Now, as the professional mourners disperse, it remains to be seen how
much longer this will go on. My guess is for a while, since the obsession with
Jobs’s health seems infinite in its creepiness. (I know the drill, it’s only
mentioned constantly because it is all about Jobs’s value to the stock, and
that is the reason for the intense attention still, even though even Martians
have gotten the message about his troubled pancreas. Right.) But here is one
thing I do know for sure: In a letter he was forced to write, Jobs seem to
have declared yesterday firmly that he still has a life. Now, everyone else
should get a life too and move on. Tagged with: Apple, BoomTown, CNBC,
digital, Gizmodo, Harry Potter, health, Hermione Granger, Internet, Jesus
Diaz, Kara Swisher, Keynote, M.D., MacWorld, Marcus Welby, medical, Nick
Denton, pancreatic cancer, Steve Jobs, Weekend at Bernies You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference
Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24
pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version