WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 3, 2013 at 6:12 pm
PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » If you’re thinking of getting someone
a new, name-brand tablet for the holidays, but blanch at spending base prices
of $229, $399 or $499, Dell is hoping you’ll look its way. The computer giant,
battling an industrywide slump in PC sales, is once again making a push into
tablets and one of its weapons is low pricing. Dell has had little success in
tablets. But it introduced this fall a family of four Android and Windows-
based slates called Venue models. I took a close look at one model, the 7-inch
Venue 7, which, at $150, is the least expensive new major-label tablet I’ve
seen at the standard 16-gigabyte base memory level. (There are a few year-old
models, or models with less memory that cost somewhat less.) To understand how
low $150 is for a name-brand, 16-gigabyte tablet, consider that the market-
leading Apple iPads start at $499 for the 9.7-inch iPad Air; and $399 for the
iPad Mini with a 7.9-inch Retina display. Even the latest 7-inch models from
Google and Amazon, known for aggressive pricing, start at $229. In fact,
mostly because they adopted better screens, the 2013 models of the iPad Mini,
Google Nexus 7 and top-of-the-line 7-inch Kindle Fire actually rose in price
from the 2012 models. So, what exactly do you get from a $150 name-brand
tablet? The answer: You get a lower-quality device with weak battery life,
which might suffice for a first-time tablet buyer with a tight budget. The
Venue 7 is a relatively chunky black plastic tablet running Google’s Android
operating system, that’s available via Dell’s online store. It operates over
Wi-Fi only, though a cellular version is planned for next year. It cannot be
ordered with more internal memory than 16 gigabytes, but it has a slot for a
memory expansion card. This tablet has a big brother, the Android-powered
Venue 8, with similar specs, that starts at $180, still a good price. On the
plus side, I found the Dell Venue 7 to be fast enough not to be annoying.
Common apps like Gmail, the Chrome browser, the Kindle reading app, Google
Maps, Twitter and Facebook all worked fine for me. Videos played smoothly. But
buyers of this tablet aren’t getting the latest or best technology. The
processor, an Intel Atom, and the version of Android used, Jelly Bean 4.2.2,
are last-generation editions, though Dell says it hopes to offer an upgrade to
the latest version of Android next year. Screen resolution, at 1280×800, is
also more characteristic of prior models of competing tablets. It’s no match
for the resolution on the latest small tablets from Apple, Google and Amazon.
Also while the Venue 7’s screen was responsive, I was annoyed by a slight
pebbly look, especially in white areas, at some angles. The Venue 7 is thicker
and heavier than leading 7-inch competitors like the latest Google Nexus 7 or
Amazon’s Kindle Fire HDX. And while it’s a bit lighter than the new iPad Mini,
which has a much larger screen area, it’s about 30% thicker. The Dell’s rear
camera, at just 3 megapixels, took truly mediocre, even fuzzy, pictures,
indoors and out. In my tough battery test, where I play videos back to back at
75% brightness, with power-saving features turned off and Wi-Fi on to collect
email in the background, the Venue 7 lasted 5 hours and 29 minutes. That was
less than half the battery life of the iPad Mini; two hours less than the last
7-inch Kindle Fire; and half an hour less than the latest Nexus 7. Finally,
there’s workmanship. This is an admittedly subjective area, but the Venue 7
felt a bit flimsy to me, especially around the longer edges of the screen.
There seemed too much “give” where these edges connected to the case, and in a
few cases, I could even hear a popping sound when I pressed on the case near
the screen edge. To be sure I wasn’t imagining things, I asked two other
people who own tablets to check this out separately, and they agreed. I want
to stress that no amount of pressing on the screen edge seemed to degrade
either the performance or the appearance of the device, but neither did it
leave me feeling that the Venue 7 was as solid as its competitors. And I
wondered how it would hold up to a child’s care and handling. Dell says this
is a deliberate design feature, created to make it easier for the back of the
device to be removed for service or other purposes by qualified technicians.
It stresses the “give” at the edge of the screen doesn’t affect functionality.
Bottom line: If you can spare more money, you’ll get a better experience and
more longevity in a competing small tablet. But if you can’t, the Dell Venue 7
is a heck of a buy for an Android tablet from a brand-name company. Find all
of Walt Mossberg’s columns and videos at the All Things Digital website,
walt.allthingsd.com. Email him at mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with Amazon, Dell,
featured review, Google, Kindle, Kindle Fire, PC, tablet, Windows Top Products
in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV
Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03,
2013 at 6:18 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive
of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal
dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version