Enterprise Judge Says Former Microsoft Exec Can't Work for Salesforce, For Now
Published on February 23, 2011 by Arik Hesseldahl Microsoft has won the first
round in a fight to prevent one of its former executives from going to work
for Salesforce.com. A judge in King County, Washington, has ruled that Matt
Miszewski, once General Manager for Worldwide Government at Microsoft can’t
take a job as senior vice president for its Global Public Sector at Salesforce
because doing so would violate a non-compete agreement he signed. Judge
Kimberly Prochnau, extended a temporary restraining order preventing him from
starting the new job. The ruling was first reported by TechFlash. Miszewski’s
lawyers formally answered accusations by Microsoft that he had taken hundreds
of megabytes worth of confidential business files. In a filing they argued
that Miszewski wouldn’t find any such information useful in the new job in the
first place. “Rather I will rely on my managerial expertise, along with the
knowledge of government information technology needs and priorities that I
gained before joining Microsoft.” Prior to working at Microsoft, Miszewski was
the CIO for the state of Wisconsin. He also said that any competitive
information he may have in his possession wouldn’t be useful to Salesforce in
the first place. Microsoft Dynamics Online competes directly with
Salesforce.com in the cloud-based customer relationship management business,
and two companies have a bit of a bitter history in court. They grappled in
federal court last year over patents, but settled. He’d probably have better
luck if he lived in California, where non-compete agreements have generally
been found by courts to be unenforceable. Not so in Washington State.
Meanwhile Miszewski seems to have found something to do until the case is
resolved. His LinkedIn profile lists him as founder at FixingPotholes.com
where he’s blogging about transparency, open government, and government IT.
Return to: Judge Says Former Microsoft Exec Can't Work for Salesforce, For Now
URL: http://allthingsd.com/20110223/judge-says-former-microsoft-exec-cant-
work-for-salesforce-for-now/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | ©
2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.