WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Here Come the RIM-Samsung
Rumors Again August 8, 2012 at 3:41 am PT Tweet Share Print Research In
Motion’s best hope for recovery isn’t BlackBerry 10. It’s Samsung. That’s the
word from Jefferies analyst Peter Misek, who believes that RIM’s strategic
review will culminate in a decision to license its BB10 operating system, and
that Samsung is the company most likely to be interested in licensing it.
“Given recent management comments in the press, it now appears that RIM is
realizing what Wall Street has been saying for some time: they are a subscale
manufacturer and desperately need a partner,” Misek wrote in a note to
clients. “We believe RIM is attempting to revive discussions with Samsung
regarding a BB10 licensing deal.” That’s a bit of a leap, but not an entirely
unreasonable one. Just last week, RIM CEO Thorsten Heins acknowledged that
licensing BB10 was an option under serious consideration at the company. “We
don’t have the economy of scale to compete against the guys who crank out 60
handsets a year,” Heins said. “To deliver BB10, we may need to look at
licensing it to someone who can do this at a way better cost proposition than
[we] can do it.” But is that “someone” to which Heins refers most likely to be
Samsung? Misek certainly thinks so — and this isn’t the first time he’s
floated the theory. It’s his view that Samsung, through an acquisition of RIM,
would gain access to the company’s vast subscriber base and a means of
tempering its dependence on Google’s Android OS. “We believe Samsung is
considering ramping up its internal OS [operating system] development efforts,
licensing BB10, or buying RIM,” he wrote. “We think any acquisition is
unlikely until after BB10 launches.” Reached for comment, Samsung dismissed
speculation that it’s interested in RIM for any reason. “Samsung Electronics
has not considered the acquisition of Research in Motion or licensing BB10,” a
company spokesperson told AllThingsD. Tagged with: acquisition, Android,
BlackBerry 10, Jefferies, licensing, Peter Misek, Research In Motion, RIM,
rumors, Samsung, Thorsten Heins Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s
iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December
30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013
at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29,
2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December
28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version