WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Why Al Jazeera’s Cable Move Could Cost Much More Than
$500 Million January 4, 2013 at 11:40 am PT Tweet Share Print Al Jazeera could
have been the first really serious player to make a big bet on Web video news.
Instead, it’s placing a giant bet on cable TV. Why? I asked yesterday, and
many of you replied. Thanks! Your answers break down into two basic schools of
thought:* Al Jazeera wants to be on American cable TV because of optics. That
is: Its Qatari owners think being on American cable TV will validate it as a
Very Serious News Operation, like CNN — just being on YouTube won’t cut it. So
according to this line of thought, Al Jazeera will spend anything to make that
happen — even $500 million for a cable network many thought was worth far
less. (Note to Al Jazeera/Current completists: I’m told that the deal was $450
million plus debt, which means the $100 million figure we’ve been batting
around for Current TV founder Al Gore’s take from this may be a touch high.)
Al Jazeera wants to be on American cable TV because it thinks being on
American cable TV is a great business. This is the argument people on Al
Jazeera’s team have been making publicly and privately. The nice thing about
the argument is that we won’t know for several years how it plays out. The
tough thing about this argument is that the odds are against it. Why? Because
while Gore was able to convince most of Current TV’s pay TV partners to keep
carrying the network once Al Jazeera bought it, those pay TV deals will expire
over the next few years. And as they do, players like Dish Network, Direct TV
and Comcast will try to drop the network, or at least push the per-subscriber
fees they pay for the network way, way down, as Reuters notes. SNL Kagan
analyst Derek Baine predicts that Al Jazeera may end up having to give up on
its subscriber fees altogether to convince pay TV operators to keep the
channel on. And if that happens, a profitable operation ends up becoming a
money loser quite quickly. The optimistic version of this argument holds that
Al Jazeera America will be able to keep its subscriber fees intact, or even
raise them, because pay TV customers value news. After all, they say, look at
what Fox News gets (82 cents per subscriber, per month). Or CNN (57 cents). Or
CNBC (32 cents). Compared to them, the 12 cents per sub that Al Jazeera is
getting right now under Current TV’s old deal is a bargain. I have a rooting
interest in that view being correct, because a big and previously untapped
market for serious news and international news is good for the journalism job
market. But there’s a reason American TV news avoids serious news and
international news. Meanwhile, as I noted yesterday, Al Jazeera’s embrace of
cable means it will have to move away from the Web. As my corporate colleagues
at The Wall Street Journal report, Al Jazeera is going to stop streaming its
Al Jazeera English broadcast on the Web to placate pay TV owners. The new
channel won’t go on the Web, either. That leaves open the possibility that Al
Jazeera’s American audience could actually shrink once it goes to cable,
instead of expanding. And that would be a bummer. *Though we should note that
“Peter Kafka is an idiot” was a popular third option. Tagged with:
advertising, Al Jazeera, Al Jazeera America, Al Jazeera-English, cable TV,
CNBC, CNN, Comcast, DirecTV, Dish Network, Fox News, Google, News Corp.,
subscriber fee, Time Warner, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter
While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24,
2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at
11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings.
December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug
December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on
Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20,
2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version