WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Applications Flock Web Browser Eases Multitasking But
Has Drawbacks August 6, 2008 at 6:26 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews
» Even with the advent of tabbed browsing, which allows you to keep multiple
Web pages open in the same window, Web multitasking can be a pain. You have to
constantly click back and forth among tabs if they contain fast-changing
material you check often, like the status of your friends in social-networking
services, or updates to news feeds. Trying to share information with people on
your Web-based networks can introduce another layer of digital jujitsu. It can
be awkward to snag a photo or a snippet of text from one Web site and send it
to a friend in a social network on another, or post it to your own blog. But
I’ve been testing a little-known Web browser that attempts to solve these
problems. It’s called Flock, and it bills itself as “the social Web browser.”
I found that it worked well, but it isn’t for everyone, and it has some
important downsides. Flock is a modified version of the excellent Firefox Web
browser that tacks on some special features for social networkers and
bloggers. It’s available free at flock.com in essentially identical versions
for Windows, Mac and Linux. Flock adds a special vertical “sidebar” at the
left of the browser that keeps your social networks, photo sites or news feeds
visible at all times, regardless of what page you’re viewing in the main
browser window. For instance, with Flock, you can see that you have a new
friend request in Facebook, or that a pal has posted new photos in Flickr,
without clicking away from reading this column in the main browser window.
But, wait: There’s more. With one click, you can display a horizontal “media
bar” across the top of the browser containing thumbnails of all of a friend’s
photos or videos from a social-networking or photo site, again without
changing what’s in the main browser window. These two special bars also allow
you to take action. For instance, you can just drag images and text from Web
pages into the sidebar to share them with friends listed there. And any photo
on the media bar can be quickly emailed or posted to a blog. There’s also a
“Web clipboard,” which can save any text, image or link from a site in the
main window by merely dragging it to the Flock sidebar. Once an item is in
this clipboard, it stays there until you delete it. Flock has its own built-in
blog editor, which allows you to quickly compose, edit and publish blog posts
containing interesting items you encounter on the Web. And it creates a
special personal Web page, called My World, which combines your social-
networking updates, news feeds and photos. I found Flock productive and fun to
use. I tested its special sidebar with my Facebook, Flickr, Picasa and YouTube
accounts, and with my favorite news feeds. I also used another of Flock’s
features, which let me check my Gmail and Yahoo Web-mail accounts without
navigating to their main pages. And I published several posts from within
Flock to a test blog I maintain. All of this worked as promised. In my tests,
I used the latest edition of Flock, version 2.0, which is built on the new
Firefox 3.0 browser. Even though this latest iteration of Flock is still in
beta status, I found it to be quite stable. But Flock isn’t for everyone, and
it has some significant drawbacks. For one thing, you’d need a fairly large or
high-resolution monitor to accommodate the Flock sidebar and media bar without
reducing the size of the main browser window so much as to require too much
scrolling. Even with a big or high-res screen, you will see fewer toolbar
links and browser tabs than normally. And, Flock has a busy, even frenetic,
look that can be distracting and annoying. So many things are going on at once
that it can be hard to concentrate on the main attraction: the Web page you
are reading in the main window. Also, while Flock does indeed spare you from
clicking back and forth as often among tabs in your browser, it doesn’t
entirely eliminate clicking around. Its sidebar can display only one type of
information at a time — social networks and photo-sharing sites in one view,
news feeds in a second, the clipboard in a third, and Web bookmarks in a
fourth. So you’ll have to click the sidebar’s own controls fairly often to
check all of these, or keep going to the special My World page in the main
window. Finally, Flock works with only certain social networking, photo-
sharing and blogging services. While it does support most of the main ones,
there are some glaring omissions. MySpace isn’t yet on the list, though it’s
expected to be added next month. But Hotmail, Windows Live Spaces and SmugMug,
among others, are missing. And it doesn’t support any instant-messaging
services at all. Flock does a good job at the tasks it sets for itself, but I
would recommend it for only the heaviest and most impatient social networkers.
For most others, Flock is overkill. Find all of Walt Mossberg’s columns and
videos online, free, at the All Things Digital Web site, walt.allthingsd.com.
Email him at mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with beta, Blogger, Facebook, Firefox,
Flickr, Flock, Gmail, Hotmail, Linux, Mac, multitasking, Myspace, network,
news feed, Picasa, Smugmug, tabbed browsing, toolbar, Web, Web browser,
Windows, Windows Live Spaces, Yahoo, YouTube Top Products in Two Decades of
Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your
Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December
10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm
PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the
Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg
and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version