WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Mike Lynch Punches Back at Today’s HP Filing:
Whither $5B Writedown? December 27, 2012 at 5:32 pm PT Tweet Share Print
Autonomy founder Mike Lynch is still not backing down in his ongoing battle
with Hewlett-Packard. “Simply put, these allegations are false, and in the
absence of further detail we cannot understand what HP believes to be the
basis for them,” he said in a statement, as well as aiming at $5 billion in
writedowns the company has taken related to the controversial deal. “We
continue to reject these allegations in the strongest possible terms.” Lynch’s
latest volley was prompted by a regulatory filing HP made earlier today,
noting that the U.S. Department of Justice was indeed investigating its
acquisition of British software company, for which it is trying to write down
about $5 billion in expenses due to alleged “serious accounting
improprieties.” HP had taken the case to U.S. federal authorities in the first
place, but now it’s official. This caused Lynch, who has been vociferously
battling the Silicon Valley tech giant over the allegations and rejecting HP’s
claims of fraud in the $12 billion acquisition, to respond again. In his
statement, he presented a laundry list of arguments about how HP is trying to
fool investors by pointing the finger at him. Here’s his whole thing, so you
can read for yourself: It is extremely disappointing that HP has again failed
to provide a detailed calculation of its $5 billion write-down of Autonomy, or
publish any explanation of the serious allegations it has made against the
former management team, in its annual report filing today. Furthermore, it is
now less clear how much of the $5 billion write-down is in fact being
attributed to the alleged accounting issues, and how much to other changes in
business performance and earnings projections. This appears to be a material
change in HP’s allegations. Simply put, these allegations are false, and in
the absence of further detail we cannot understand what HP believes to be the
basis for them. We also do not understand why HP is raising these issues now
given that Autonomy reported into the HP Finance team from the day the
acquisition completed in October 2011, there was an extensive due diligence
process and Autonomy was audited as a public company for many years. We would
particularly make the following points: * HP’s CFO Cathie Lesjak and her team,
plus a number of outside advisors, had access to all Autonomy accounts and
documents from October 2011 onwards, and raised no issues. * Beginning in
November 2011, HP and KPMG reviewed Autonomy’s closing balance sheet in
detail, and Ernst & Young reviewed Deloitte’s audit work papers. * Beginning
in October 2011, HP studied in detail Autonomy’s tax structure and transfer
pricing as well as its revenue recognition practices (led by Paul Curtis, HP’s
worldwide head of revenue recognition). * An independent, third-party
valuation of Autonomy’s assets was carried out in January 2012. * Quarterly
business reviews were held with Autonomy management, Meg Whitman and Cathie
Lesjak to discuss Autonomy’s financial performance. * HP has continued to sell
and account for hardware alongside Autonomy software in the same way that
Autonomy did for the year since the acquisition completed. * Regarding
differences between IFRS and US GAAP accounting standards, which appear to
have a role in some of the allegations HP has made, Autonomy’s accounting
policies were made clear in Autonomy’s 2010 annual report. We also note the
statement in HP’s annual report that it received confirmation from the US
Department of Justice on 21 November 2012 (the day after HP’s first public
statement), that the Department had opened an investigation. We can confirm
that we have as yet had no contact from any regulatory authority. We will co-
operate with any investigation and look forward to the opportunity to explain
our position. We continue to reject these allegations in the strongest
possible terms. Autonomy’s financial accounts were properly maintained in
accordance with applicable regulations, fully audited by Deloitte, and
available to HP during the due diligence process. We remain deeply concerned
about how this process has been conducted, and believe it is in everyone’s
interest for it to be resolved as soon as possible. RELATED POSTS: More From
Mike Lynch: HP’s Autonomy Accusations Are Getting Weaker Mike Lynch Punches
Back at Today’s HP Filing: Whither $5B Writedown? HP Confirms DOJ Is
Investigating Alleged Fraud in Autonomy Deal Yes, There Are Layoffs Pending at
HP’s Autonomy Unit in the U.K. Former HP CEO Shifts Blame for Autonomy Deal to
Chairman Dell Passed on Autonomy Before HP Bought It Why Mike Lynch Is Playing
PR Hardball With HP Autonomy Founder Lynch Asks Board to Explain HP
Allegations Autonomy Founder Lynch Blames Accounting Standards in HP Flap The
Red Flags That Were Obvious — To Some — In the HP-Autonomy Deal Oracle’s
Ellison Vindicated in Autonomy PR Flap by HP’s $8.8 Billion Writedown Autonomy
Founder Mike Lynch Rejects HP Charges, Alleges Mismanagement What Exactly
Happened at Autonomy? HP Explains Its $8.8 Billion “Oops” HP Beats Street Amid
Sales Declines, Takes $8.8 Billion Charge HP Names Microsoft Exec Robert
Youngjohns to Run Autonomy Search Under Way at HP for Autonomy’s Next Chief
Autonomy’s Mike Lynch Talks About Being HP’s Speedy Tiger Cub (Video)
Britain’s First Software Billionaire Now Reports to HP CEO Meg Whitman Oracle
Launches Exalytics Machine, Probably Ending Spat With Autonomy Autonomy: When
All Else Fails, Blame the Bankers Mike Lynch to Oracle: Oh, You Mean Those
Slides Oracle: You Have a Very Bad Memory, Mr. Lynch HP Reportedly Close to
$10 Billion Buyout of Autonomy, PC Unit Spinoff Will Oracle and Microsoft Bid
on Autonomy? Tagged with: accounting, acquisition, advisor, allegation,
Autonomy, British, Cathie Lesjak, deal, Deloitte, due diligence, Ernst &
Young, expenses, filing, fraud, hardware, Hewlett-Packard, HP, investor, KPMG,
Meg Whitman, Mike Lynch, Paul Curtis, performance, recognition, regulatory,
revenue, review, Silicon Valley, software, statement, structure, tax, third
party, U.S. Department of Justice, valution, writedown You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version