WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka AOL Makes the Biggest Buy of the Tim Armstrong Era: $405
Million for Adap.TV August 7, 2013 at 4:05 am PT Tweet Share Print Tim
Armstrong hasn’t bought anything for a couple years. Now he has made his
biggest purchase since taking over AOL in 2009: AOL is buying Web video
company Adap.TV for $405 million in cash and stock. That eclipses the $315
million AOL paid for the Huffington Post in 2011, and it’s a very different
kind of purchase: Instead of producing content, Adap.TV uses software to match
video ad buyers and sellers. Video has been a big focus for AOL in the last
few years, spurred by its acquisition of video syndicator 5Min in 2010. Last
year, Armstrong said the company was on pace to do $100 million in video
revenue. This deal also syncs up with Armstrong’s push to emphasize
“programmatic” ad sales, where buyers use technology to buy up big chunks of
inventory; Armstrong is trying to position AOL as an alternative to Google’s
own “stack” of ad technology that revolves around its DoubleClick platform.
AOL said it will pay $322 million cash for Adap.TV, which is based in Silicon
Valley but has Israeli roots; the remainder will come from AOL shares. At the
end of Q2, AOL had $483 million in cash on hand. Adap.TV reportedly raised $49
million over the last seven years; investors include Bessemer Venture
Partners, Gemini Israel Funds, Redpoint Ventures and Spark Capital. People
familiar with the transaction say that AOL and Adap.TV had on-and-off talks
about a sale; Calcalist, the Israeli business newspaper, reported the
possibility of a deal in July. In addition to other acquisition offers,
Adap.TV had also been considering a public offering. But video ad company
Tremor had a disappointing IPO in June. YuMe, another video ad tech play, is
going public today, and investors don’t seem excited about that one, either.
Here’s the SEC filing with deal details. And here’s how AOL describes the
Adap.TV deal, which it announced along with its Q2 earnings: “Adap.tv Brings
to AOL: The only complete global programmatic video stack for publishers and
advertisers across all screens; A unified yield management platform for
advertisers and publishers for planning, targeting, ad-serving and
measurement; One of the fastest growing platforms on the internet, with global
revenue growth in excess of 100% per year in each of the last three years;
Wide adoption by the largest global advertisers and publishers, including 83
out of the Ad Age 100 and 70 of the comScore 100; A talented team which has
driven innovation in the automation of global video advertising.” And later
on: “On August 5, 2013, AOL entered an agreement to acquire Adap.tv for shares
of AOL common stock with an aggregate value of approximately $83 million and
estimated cash consideration of approximately $322 million, subject to
adjustment for working capital and reduction for indebtedness and transaction
expenses of Adap.tv that remain unpaid as of closing. Adap.tv is a leading and
global unified programmatic video platform powering video advertising for
brand advertisers, agencies, publishers and ad networks. Adap.tv’s platform
allows buyers and sellers to make decisions together on a unified technology
platform, leveraging comprehensive data intelligence, across all screens. The
combination of AOL and Adap.tv is expected to create the only global company
with a full end-to-end solution and video stack for publishers and
advertisers.” Tagged with: Ad Tech, Adap.tv, advertising, AOL, Google, IPO,
Tim Armstrong, Tremor, video, Web video, YuMe Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version