WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Make the E-voting System's
Password "1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8″? That's so Obvious It's Genius! August 6, 2007 at
11:59 am PT Tweet Share Print If one set out to design electronic voting
machines that undermine voter confidence and threaten the integrity and
accuracy of the whole election process, it would be hard to outdo those of
Diebold Election Systems, if a new analysis is to be believed. The California
Secretary of State has finally released the source-code review portion of its
two-month “top-to-bottom” examination of electronic voting systems certified
for use in California, and it’s not pretty. “The software contains serious
design flaws that have led directly to specific vulnerabilities that attackers
could exploit to affect election outcomes,” the report concludes. “An attack
could plausibly be accomplished by a single skilled individual with temporary
access to a single voting machine. The damage could be extensive–malicious
code could spread to every voting machine in polling places and to county
election servers.” And it gets worse. Princeton professor Ed Felten read
through the Diebold report, as well as those of Hart InterCivic and Sequoia
Voting Systems, and found that some of the problems it identifies are the same
ones Diebold claimed to have fixed years ago. “Diebold claimed (p. 11) in 2003
that its use of hard-coded passwords was ‘resolved in subsequent versions of
the software,’ ” Felten notes. “Yet the current version still uses at least
two hard-coded passwords–one is “diebold” (report, p. 46) and another is the
eight-byte sequence 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 (report, p. 45).” Now, “1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8”
is an improvement over “11111,” Diebold’s last hard-coded security key, in
that it employs eight numbers instead of just one. But surely it can’t be
among those that inspired California Secretary of State Debra Bowen to
recertify Diebold’s machines for use in the 2008 elections. Presumably, “come
up with a less laughable password” was a condition of recertification. Tagged
with: Diebold, electronic voting machines, Hart InterCivic, John Paczkowski,
password, Sequoia Voting Systems, software, vulnerability Late Start May Be
Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT
Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for
Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter
for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25
Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version