WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Otellini: PC Makers Are Buying Plenty of Our
Chips, Thanks April 19, 2011 at 2:38 pm PT Tweet Share Print Intel proved its
mettle in its quarterly results, easily outdistancing the muted expectations
of the market, then took a bit of a victory lap during its conference call
with analysts. Intel CEO Paul Otellini criticized third party research
firms–he didn’t mention any names, but he was talking about Gartner and
IDC–for giving the idea that the PC industry is on the wane, when their
information isn’t as complete as Intel’s is, especially in emerging markets.
While they’re forecasting the market to grow in the single-digit range this
year, Intel sees the PC market growing in the low double-digit range, Otellini
said, and he expects it to continue into 2012. “I want to be clear that our
views differ from some of theirs,” he said. The PC market is getting more
complex, and at nearly 400 million units sold per year, it’s bigger than it’s
ever been. The research firms don’t see as much data as Intel sees. “While
some channels–like PCs sold through consumer retail outlets in mature
markets–have deep visibility, other channels, especially in emerging markets,
are not well-reflected” in the forecasts from the research firms. I wonder
what Gartner and IDC are going to say in response to that? It seems Otellini
has just called their research methods worthless. Otellini also talked about a
forthcoming announcement in May around manufacturing process technology.
Having sold its first 32-nanometer processors at the start of last year, it’s
time to start thinking seriously about the move to the next manufacturing
node, and also the one beyond that. The next is 22 nanometers, and the one
beyond that is 14, which should hit the market about 2013 or so. Intel says
its going to spend between $9.8 billion and $10.6 billion in fiscal 2011 on
capital expenditures as part of bringing up the new technology, and another
$15.7 billion in combined research and development plus management and general
costs. Otellini and CFO Stacy Smith both talked about the implications of that
shift, and both talked about some big announcements around process technology
coming in May. “What we’re realizing is that competitive advantage is becoming
very important,” CFO Stacy Smith said. “We’re getting paid both for
differentiating, and in terms of pricing.” Pressing the manufacturing nodes
forward–which is something Intel does better than anyone else in the
world–will indeed give it an advantage not only over its distant rival
Advanced Micro Devices in the PC world, but also give it a better chance of
combating the persistent competitive threat from ARM chips that not only rule
the world so far in smart phones and tablet, but which are starting to show up
in mobile PC roadmaps. Otellini said while demand for PCs among consumers in
the US and Western Europe remained soft, demand was strong in emerging
markets. Demand for servers–the big surprise of the day–and PCs at business
were also strong. He also said that Intel recovered quickly from the design
flaw discovered last month in the Sandy Bridge family of chips. He also said
that Intel sustained some damage to sales and marketing offices in Japan, but
“nothing major that would hinder our ability to service our customers.” Intel
is seeing no disruptions in its supply chain as a result of the earthquake
there. He talked at length about Intel’s sales to cloud providers, calling it
a “major driver” of the company’s growth. Sales in the Data Center Group grew
32 percent year on year and were led, Otellini said, by sales in China. Sales
of Intel chips into storage systems were also strong, up 45 percent over last
quarter and 65 percent year over year. My liveblog from the conference
call–joined just a few minutes late–is below. 2:40 pm: Joining a tad late
after a technical glitch. Intel CEO Paul Otellini is talking. Our views differ
from the views of the analysts. The PC business is a global industry, it is
400 million units a year. Some channels, especially those in emerging markets,
aren’t very visible to research firms. Basically he’s slamming IDC and Gartner
for their pessimistic views. “Our projection for 2011 remain in the low
double-digit range.” “We see no reason for 2012 to be materially different
from what we see in 2011.” He says to expect an increase in Capex around the
22- and 14-nanometer manufacturing technology. “We see a need for more
features [on chips],” he says. CFO Stacy Smith is now talking. The company
fixed the Cougar Point problem–referring to the “design errors” found on a
chipset accompanying the Sandy Bridge processor–and completely mitigated the
revenue impact that was expected. 2:44 pm: First quarter significantly better
than our expectations. Sandy Bridge boosted average selling prices.
Acqusitions of McAfee and Infineon wireless business added about $500 million
of the $2.5 billion in new revenue seen year over year. The Cougar Point
impact to gross margin was about 3 percentage points. That explains the 1
percent quarter on quarter drop on that important figure. First quarter puts
us on track to exceed financial goals for the year. Expect another year of
double-digit revenue and earnings growth. We are making some critical
investments in process technology that will have a very rapid ROI or return on
investment. Q&A; is getting started. 2:48 pm: Glenn Yeung from Citi: Help us
understand the emerging markets and growth seen there. Smith: Emerging markets
are well over 50 percent of business. The dynamic is one of economics.
Desirability of the technology is high and affordability is high. The price
point of a PC is within 1-2 months of income. Penetration rates are so far
pretty low. Otellini: My comment on the channel strength for Sandy Bridge is
emerging markets. Most of the machines sold with Sandy Bridge are white boxes
in emerging markets. Those markets are still surging in terms of notebooks.
2:50 pm: Yeung with a follow-up. He’s asking about the investment in process
technology. Otellini used the word “revolutionary” to describe the
22-nanometer leap that’s coming. He’s asking him to shed some light on what he
means by that. Smith: The Capex number is driven by a few things. Unit growth
and ability to meet demand at 22-nanometer and 14-nanometer technology. It
give us performance cost and power efficiency advantages. The biggest single
chunk of the Capex is with the development fab for 14 nanometer, we’re going
to make that fab bigger. That will allow us to bring more products to
14-nanometer technology and ramp it faster. Otellini: On the process
technology, only a teaser today. We’ll be disclosing that technology in early
May. When you hear that announcement you’ll understand why that phrase is
appropriate. 2:52 pm: Question about how we should think about seasonal trends
in the second half of the year. Smith: We closed McAfee and Infineon, and they
added half a billion in Q1 and should add another half a billion in Q2. The
second quarter is usually kind of flat compared to the first, which is in line
with the pattern we’ve seen over the last five years. We’re not seeing
anything that would cause it to be any different than before. Second half
tends to be about 2-3 points higher than the first in terms of revenue.
Otellini says to expect to see a lot of tablets with Intel chips demonstrated
at Computex. Google’s Android Honeycomb source code will ramp over the course
of the year for a number of customers. Losing Nokia, Otellini says, “took a
lot of wind out of our sails” around landing Intel chips in smart phones.
Intel has redeployed resources from that. “I would be very disappointed if you
didn’t see Intel based phones 12 months from now.” 2:56 pm: Question from BMO.
For the total PC market, what is the percent the third parties companies are
missing? Otellini: They are all over the map. Gartner is at 6 and IDC at 7
percent growth for the year, and we’re seeing low double-digit growth. Q: What
about Medfield, the phone processor. What are the metrics that are getting
customers interested in it? Is it the fact that you’ve been able to make it
competitive with ARM chips? Otellini: Its both. The product is very good in
terms of performance, especially in media processing. And the power envelope
is right where you want it to be. 2:58 pm: Question from UBS: You called out
storage as up 45 percent within the Data Center Group. We’ve seen this group
grow faster than we thought. What’s the longer term growth? Otellini: We
recognize that this group has had phenomenal growth. Expect a deep dive on
that at the analyst meeting and on the market for Xeon class chips today and
tomorrow. (No mention of Itanium-based servers, by the way. -ed.) Traditional
servers, we’re out-growing the market by a factor of 2-3x. We think a big
piece of the market is high performance and cloud, and the conversion of other
parts of the data center from proprietary to Intel-based designs, you see
growth that is representative of all the growth of the Internet. We’re
benefiting quite well. UBS asks about the transition from 22 nanometers to 14
nanometers. Is there anything that is driving the speed now in terms of moving
to 14 nanometers and what can you do at 14 versus 22 nanometers? Smith: I’m
going to punt for another few weeks. More to say around 22 nanometer and the
secret sauce there, and it will carry into the 14 nanometer node. What we’re
realizing is that competitive advantage is becoming very important. We’re
getting paid both for differentiating and in pricing. As we get out to 22 and
14, we’re going to bring capabilities to process technology more quickly than
we have before. 22 nanometer will intercept with smart phones and notebooks
more quickly, and we’ll get paid for performance and cost over the long term.
3:03 pm: Chris Danely of J.P. Morgan asking about factory utilization rates.
He wonders if there may be shortages coming. Smith: We’re running not too hot,
and not too cold. Not anticipating shortages. We have responsibility to
respond if demand is hotter, and if demand is less, we now have the tools to
respond to both circumstances. Danely: It seems as though perhaps some of the
OEM customers have a more tempered forecast. What’s the difference? Otellini:
We won’t characterize specific customers. I think those who are more
enterprise centric than those who are focused on consumer markets in the U.S.
and Europe are seeing numbers closer to ours. Smith: The elephant looks very
different depending on what part you’re looking at. Mature markets look tough.
Emerging markets look pretty good. 3:06 pm: Question about how much Sandy
Bridge accounted as a percentage of sales. Otellini: Doesn’t want to get into
that level of granualarity. He calls it the fastest manufacturing ramp. Smith:
More than 50 percent of my CPU inventory is Sandy Bridge. That’s a good
indication of the next few quarters. 3:07 pm: Smith says he’s seeing a little
upward tick in component costs, including some impact from Japan. Average
selling prices have a very rich mix. Sandy Bridge ramped at a higher end of
the price range, and the mix is going to come down a little. 3:09 pm: CLSA
Securities with a question: What’s driving the demand? Is it Windows 7 on
corporate PC? Otellini: In the middle of last year we saw the market recover.
The most recent data we have is that 75 percent of enterprise PCs are running
WIn XP. If you think about a 3-4 year refresh cycle, we’re not even halfway
through it. The combination of the Win 7 machines look good. Question from
Goldman Sachs: If I think about this third-party data issue. Is the Gartner
and IDC data really off by 20 percent? Smith: That misses how much inventory
levels came down in the fourth quarter. We were worse off than seasonal. There
was a significant bleeding off of inventory ahead of Sandy Bridge release.
When we go off and do our looks across the channel we see inventory levels
being healthy, and that says something about the health of the supply chain.
Q: That’s a little different than just the third-party data is wrong. Is it
just really off? Otellini: The comments I made were on third-party data year
on year. I think our experience is that on an annual basis our numbers are
closer than theirs. They correct over the course of the year to be aligned.
Smith: When I talk about Q1, you also can’t lose sight of the fact that Q1 was
a 14-week quarter. 3:14 pm: Hans Mosesmann, Raymond James asks about the
foundry strategy. What part of the incremental capex is part of that? Smith:
It’s not a driver of our capex. We’re interested in talking to some very
specialized companies. We’re not building a broad-based foundry business, and
it’s not part of our capex number. Otellini again teases about a forthcoming
announcement on process technology. 3:19 pm: Question from Credit Suisse:
Asking about the weakness in consumer sales in the U.S. and Europe. Is it
because of tablets? Otellini: It’s a little bit of everything. Add one more
thing. In 2009 and in the first half of 2010, consumer market for notebooks
was strong contrary to GDP at the time. I think people bought a lot of
machines and we’re just early in the cycle. A consumer refresh isn’t what
you’d expect in a mature market right now. Clearly some tablet cannabilization
is impacting that. But the bigger impact is macroecononomc. Q: What inning are
we in in the enterprise upgrade cycle? Otellini: Top of the fourth, three on,
no outs. 3:22 pm: Question about notebook and desktop mix going into Q2.
Smith: What we saw was an inventory burn in Q4 that led to units being
slightly above seasonable. Q2 looks pretty seasonal. Q: What do you expect of
total wafer production in 2011? Is it consistent with PCs? Smith: Wafers will
grow faster than total available market as we move to the new process. Craig
Ellis, Caris and Co. asks: Are you expecting any change in the mature markets
for PCs? Otellini: I don’t think it has to happen. We don’t build it into our
numbers. Now a question about design wins on the tablet front, and what OS
Intel will be stronger on versus others. Otellini: I don’t have an update.
We’ll do a number count on May 17. It’s 35 or so. The bulk of the units this
year will be Android-based. 3:28 pm: That’s a wrap. We’ll see you back here
for Q2 results on July 20. Tagged with: Arik Hesseldahl, cloud computing, data
centers, earnings, Gartner, IDC, Intel, NewEnterprise, PC, personal computers,
semiconductors, servers Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version