WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher More AsiaD Speakers: Sony, Google+, Microsoft,
Hollywood, Huawei and Hot SV Start-Ups! August 9, 2011 at 5:00 pm PT Tweet
Share Print After our grand tour of Asia last week — with stops in Korea and
Japan — it seems like a perfect time to update the speaker list for our
upcoming AsiaD conference in Hong Kong in October. As Walt Mossberg and I
said, we are trying to mix both U.S.-based speakers with a pan-Asian selection
of speakers from across the region, and the new additions are just that. For
the international confab — this one will be held Oct. 19-21 — we’ve already
announced a great lineup, including Alibaba’s Jack Ma; Google Android head
Andy Rubin; Twitter inventor and product guru, as well as Square co-founder
and CEO, Jack Dorsey; Nvidia founder and CEO Jen-Hsun Huang; and Asus Chairman
Jonny Shih. Now, to add to that terrific lineup: Kazuo “Kaz” Hirai is widely
considered the second in command at the consumer electronics giant Sony, in
charge of its key computer entertainment division, as well as now serving as
executive deputy president of the whole company. In that role, the dynamic
exec is at the nexus of the Japanese company’s efforts around tablets,
smartphones, gaming and more. As Sony struggles to reassert its dominance over
the arena, Hirai will be a key player in that effort. Bradley Horowitz — as
head of product management for Google+, the search giant’s aggressive effort
to break Facebook’s hammerlock on social networking — has a perfect
perspective to talk about the fast-growing area and where it is going
globally. With locally-based social companies springing up all over Asia, can
Google establish one the whole world will use? It’s an important question and
Horowitz’s job No. 1. At Microsoft, Andy Lees is leading one of the software
giant’s most important initiatives, as president of its Windows Phone
division. His come-from-behind job includes mobile software and hardware, as
well as its key partnership with Nokia. With Apple’s iPhone and Google’s
Android far in the lead, Lees will need to win in markets globally, especially
in Asia. Peter Chernin is one of Hollywood’s top players and execs. The former
top News Corp. exec is now a movie producer — his first effort, “Rise of the
Planet of the Apes,” is a big hit. But he’s also been increasingly active in
media investing in Asia of late, and has a lot to say about the global nature
of entertainment in the digital age. John Roese heads the North American R&D;
team for Huawei, the Chinese telecom giant making everything from heavy-duty
gear for networks to mobile phones and tablets. The former CTO of Nortel, he’s
heading up global development of Huawei’s cloud services for both businesses
and consumers. Roese will also talk about the phenomenon of a Chinese-owned
company emerging on the world technology stage. Even in the midst of an
economic downturn, there is no denying that it has been a golden time for
Silicon Valley start-ups, which have enjoyed unprecedented growth and funding
in the Web 2.0 era. But as they seek to expand beyond the U.S., a critical
move for them all, we’ve assembled a panel of entrepreneurs to discuss it,
including: Brian Chesky is the CEO and co-founder of Airbnb, the popular
online vacation rental site that recently got a huge dose of funding and an
equally large amount of controversy. How Airbnb can take the company to the
next level, including across the world, while dealing with the kinds of
challenges the small management team has to face, will be an interesting topic
for discussion. After stints as president of Asia Pacific and Latin America
operations at Google and co-founder of the online personal finance company
Yodlee, Sukhinder Singh Cassidy is trying her hand at a small start-up again.
She’ll talk about how the recently funded Joyus, a new premium video commerce
site trying to pioneer a new way to shop online, plans to expand globally.
Finally, longtime tech exec David Goldberg is now running one of tech’s most
successful start-ups at SurveyMonkey, the dominant online survey company. With
stints as founder of music site Launch Media, which was bought by Yahoo, and
as an Entrepreneur in Residence with Benchmark Capital, he is the perfect
person to explain what it’s like being an entrepreneur today in Silicon
Valley. We have even more speakers for AsiaD we’ll be announcing in the coming
weeks, so get ready for what’s next. Tagged with: Airbnb, Alibaba, Android,
Andy Lees, Andy Rubin, Apple, Asia, Asian, Asus, Benchmark Capital, Bradley
Horowitz, Brian Chesky, Chinese, cloud, computer, conference, consumer,
consumer electronics, controversy, David Goldberg, division, entertainment,
entrepreneur, Facebook, funding, gaming, global, Google, hardware, Hollywood,
Hong Kong, Huawei Technologies, investing, Jack Dorsey, Jack Ma, Japan,
Japanese, Jen Hsun Huang, John Roese, Jonny Shih, Joyus, Kazuo Hirai, Korea,
Latin America, Launch Media, list, management, Microsoft, movie, network, News
Corp., Nokia, Nortel, North American, Nvidia, operations, Pacific,
partnership, personal finance, Peter Chernin, phone, premium, product, R&D;,
region, rental, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, search, service, Shop, Silicon
Valley, smartphone, social networking, software, Sony, speaker, Square, Start-
up, Sukhinder Singh Cassidy, SurveyMonkey, tablet, telecom, Twitter, vacation,
video, Web 2.0, Windows Phone, Yahoo, Yodlee You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before
AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can
You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From
AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld
Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish
Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December
28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT AsiaD All D Conferences Coverage About Location Media
Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos 关于 AsiaD AsiaD について Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version