WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Drake Martinet, Intern, All Things Digital Almost Famous: Chris
Messina of Google March 26, 2010 at 1:09 pm PT Tweet Share Print In a feature
of “Almost Famous” we’ve dubbed “Need to Know,” All Things Digital talks with
top players inside tech companies–much as we talk to emerging and innovative
entrepreneurs–who are perhaps not as prominent as their influence suggests,
but who should be. This week: We took a trip to a little company called Google
(GOOG) to talk with Chris Messina, Google’s open Web advocate. Openness?
Google? We couldn’t pass this up. Who: Chris Messina What: Open Web advocate
Why: Chris has been in early on all kinds of pioneering open Web projects. He
helped run Spread Firefox–Mozilla’s community marketing effort–co-founded the
BarCamp user-generated un-conferences, and single-handedly invented the
Twitter hashtag: #. No joke. He just made the move to the search giant. Where:
Factory Joe (blog); @chrismessina (Twitter); Googleplex (analog place) Who
Else: Open standards are Messina’s forte, but he’s been preaching the gospel
of openness to many Google teams. Five Stats You Won’t Find in His Facebook
Profile: Worst Job: You know, I’ve led a pretty padded life, but I guess my
worst one was when I was a janitor in a print shop while living in
Switzerland. I was living in an attic in this tiny town to attend this Swiss
design school–which I didn’t like at all–and this is how I made my meager
living while there. Has a Geek Crush on: I first started learning Web design
by reading Jeffrey Zeldman’s book. There are lots, though. More related to the
stuff I’m doing now, I think John Panzer is a big unsung hero, he’s the one
pushing the Salmon stuff (Google’s open comment project) forward. Gadget of
the Moment: I still love my first-generation Apple (AAPL) iPhone. It doesn’t
have 3G and it’s slow as molasses, but I really like the form factor, the
metallic finish, everything. It also allows you to take screenshots, which is
the one thing really missing from Android. Biggest Difference Being at Google:
Even more email, if you can believe it. Design Geekiness: My favorite font
ever is Pennsylvania by Christian Schwartz. I also like Bello, Flama and
Tungsten. Bio in 140 Characters Born in New Hampshire, he trained as a
communication designer at Carnegie Mellon. He left for California and has been
into the open Web ever since. The Five Questions What does being an open Web
advocate at Google mean? Does it feel like you are working for “The Man”?
Generally what I’m doing here is a lot like what I used to do, actually. I
have contact with a lot of different developer teams, and I talk to them about
how they can use open standards in their work. Right now though, mostly I’m
working on Google Buzz, doing developer relations and helping design the Buzz
APIs. We’re trying to create these technologies based on stuff from the
grassroots communities where these things already exist, as opposed to
inventing our own standards. We document everything on the Google code site
and then we just talk about it. It’s a little bit of an evangelism role, in
the sense that we have to go out and be a part of the community and be a
router for information back into Google. Big companies seem to have their own
agendas and needs to be met, and what I’m realizing now is that a lot of
times, they also don’t have time or a way to go out and find the places where
these needs are and these tools are already being developed. There are a lot
of people who are really hungry for this information, but maybe just didn’t
know where to go. So how do you see Google Buzz as a part of the social Web
landscape, now that you’ve been on the inside? We approached it from a “pieces
that are loosely joined” perspective so that we can spit out smaller
communities that are self-sufficient, rather than one big monolithic project
like Facebook Connect. We built Buzz so that Google can be one place that
hosts the underlying technologies, but the capabilities can be spread and used
by anyone who wants that social functionality. The goal is to create a much
larger social Web that is dispersed, as opposed to another monolithic silo
that sort of sucks in a lot of activity and doesn’t let anything out. Facebook
is just the most recent silo, there have been lots in the past. AOL (AOL).
Prodigy. A lot of times they don’t mean to be that, but it just happens. How
do you see the competing philosophies of openness and proprietary technology
and information at play on the social Web? I think the way that I look at it
is that facilitating choice is actually a good way to ensure you remain
competitive. Also, right now, the social Web is in such infancy that competing
on what is available now seems so premature. I’d rather see us spend the next
five or 10 years building out the social Web so that we have good standards
for identity, good standards for authentication and open ways to bring your
friends with you to any site on the Web. Because we’ve never had this social
data before, there’s this mentality that it’s solid gold, and we should be
hoarding it keeping it from everyone and only letting out little bits. In
reality, I think markets work best when there is a flow of data. If I can’t
take my data out of one network and move it into another, like I can move
credit card balances from one to the other, then I think we are inhibiting the
types of things we should be building, which will be much richer. I already
sign into 10 Google products a day with the same account. Is my Google account
going to become more like Facebook Connect? Well, the technology is there, but
it’s more a question of motivation. It’s actually a problem I’ve been working
on for the last two or three years. The first question is, how do you provide
choice to people when they want to log in (what do you ask for)? The other
question is, why would they use any one service or other, given the choice?
Facebook has solved that problem by just eliminating the choice. You just
choose Facebook Connect, click a button, and it will be fine. And it works
pretty well. A barrier for us is that our tools are built on standards like
openID and OAuth that were designed by people who cared a lot more about
privacy. As a result of that, a technology based on openID doesn’t
automatically come with all the social data that make modern applications
work. We are actually working with Facebook on this problem, because it turns
out the hardest thing to figure out is just what to put on the user
interface–how do you quickly ask people what they’d like to share? We want to
avoid making Web sites look like the side of a Nascar. Google’s push into
mobile is based on open standards. How do you see that proliferating?? You
know, even the iPhone is actually just a platform that interacts with a bunch
of open standards and accepted systems. It relies on 3G, sends email, SMS,
takes pictures that are compressed and connects to other devices via
Bluetooth–they are all open standards and protocols that have enabled these
great tools. I think people are going to want more. I’m intrigued by Android,
and it, plus the devices it runs on, are really getting there. The In Living
Color Interview Tagged with: 3G, Almost Famous, Android, AOL, Apple, barcamp,
Bello, Bluetooth, Chris Messina, Christan Schwartz, design, device, digital,
Drake Martinet, email, Facebook Connect, Factory Joe, Firefox, Flama,
frontpage, Google, Google Buzz, Googleplex, hashtag, innovation, Internet,
interview, iPhone, Jeffrey Zeldman, John Panzer, Linux, Nascar, Need to Know,
OAuth, open source, OpenID, Pennsylvania, Prodigy, Salmom, search, SMS, social
networking, Spread Firefox, Switzerland, Tungsten, Twitter, video Must-Reads
from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas,
Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to
Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton, Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My
Year With Google Glass Mat Honan, Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris
Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and
Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors, Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside »
About Voices Along with original content and posts from across the Dow Jones
network, this section of AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites —
pieces we’ve read, discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from
external sites are included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines.
We link to the original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly
labeled, so it’s clear that the content comes from other websites, and for
clarity’s sake, all outside posts run against a pink background. We also
solicit original full-length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions.
Read more » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon
Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering
a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version