WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Bonnie Cha ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @BonnieSCha Recent
Posts by Bonnie Cha Google Nexus 7, Nexus Q First Impressions June 27, 2012 at
8:33 pm PT Tweet Share Print Every year at Google I/O, there’s an Oprah moment
where Google showers conference attendees with free gifts, usually the latest
Android phone or tablet. Previous giveaways have included the Samsung Galaxy
Tab 10.1, the HTC Evo 4G and the Nexus One. This year attendees are being
treated to the new Nexus 7 tablet, Nexus Q and the Galaxy Nexus. Sadly, Google
Glass was not part of the swag bag. AllThingsD will be reviewing the Nexus 7
and Nexus Q soon, but I was anxious to get my hands on the new devices, so I
dug into the goodie bag like a kid at Christmas. Here are a few of my first
impressions on Google’s latest gear. Nexus 7 tablet When I first opened the
Nexus 7 tablet, I felt a sense of deja vu. The design of the tablet reminded
me a lot of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0, with its beveled edges and gray
chassis. But the Nexus 7 isn’t a Samsung product, it’s made by Asus and there
are some major differences between it and its main competitor, the Amazon
Kindle Fire. The tablet measures 7.81 inches tall by 4.72 inches wide by 0.41
inch thick and weighs about three-quarters of a pound. It’s slightly longer
than the Amazon Kindle Fire but thinner and lighter. I could see myself using
it as an e-reader on my bus ride and watching movies during a flight. It’s
also much more attractive than the drab Kindle Fire, and the leatherette
finish on the back is a nice touch. The Nexus 7 features a 7-inch, 1,280 x 800
pixel touchscreen. The Kindle Fire has a 7-inch, 1,024 x 600 pixel display. I
downloaded an issue of “Conde Nast Traveller” and text and images looked
sharp. The display also has in-plane switching (IPS) technology to increase
the screen’s viewing angles. Great if you want to share something with your
friend; bad if want to hide the fact that you’re reading “Fifty Shades of
Gray” or indulging in some guilty pleasure like “Real Housewives of Orange
County,” since you can now purchase TV shows on Google Play. The Nexus 7 will
ship running Android Jelly Bean 4.1. Google claims the latest version of its
Android operating system is like “butter” and brings such improvements as a
better keyboard, more detailed notifications and improved search. Nexus Q The
Nexus Q is a bit of an oddball — literally. Built here in the U.S., the Q is a
streaming media device that you can connect to your TV or home theater system
to wirelessly stream music and play video. Your Android smartphone or tablet
works as the controller, and there’s a social element where a friend in the
same room can add their own music to a playlist. The design of the Q is a
conversation starter itself. The Q is about the size of a bocce ball, and I
was surprised at how heavy it was at 2 pounds. But it’s not like you’ll be
carrying it around, and the device has a flat bottom so you can set it on a
table. The construction of the device is very solid and has a matte black
finish, with an LED ring that lights up when turned on. The back of the Nexus
Q features all of the various ports, including mini HDMI, Micro USB and an
Ethernet jack. We’ll dig into all the features and performance of both the
Nexus 7 and Nexus Q, along with the buttery Android Jelly Bean 4.1 in our full
reviews. The Nexus 7 is available for preorder now through the Google Play
store and is expected to ship in mid-July. The eight gigabyte version costs
$199 and the 16GB model is $249. Google is also taking preorders for the the
Nexus Q, which costs $299 and will ship in the two to three weeks. Tagged
with: Android, Google, Google I/O, Jelly Bean, Kindle Fire, Nexus 7, Nexus Q,
streaming media, tablets Qualcomm’s Toq Smartwatch Needs More Time December
26, 2013 at 6:00 am PT They’re Baaaack. Tabs Return to Yahoo Mail. December
19, 2013 at 11:15 am PT Sony PlayStation 4 Makes Right Play for Gamers
December 19, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps December 12, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Uncovering a More Useful Android
Lock Screen December 05, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version