WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Why Did the Web Miss Out on Al Jazeera? January 3, 2013
at 9:29 am PT Tweet Share Print Congratulations, cable guys! You’re in a
business that’s so valuable that even a failed network with partial
distribution and no audience is worth some $500 million. Meanwhile, a question
for the Web video guys: Are you bummed out about Al Jazeera’s Current TV deal?
Maybe you should be. Because this is a deal you could have had for yourself.
The Internet isn’t going to get its hands on TV’s most valuable properties,
like big-time sports, anytime soon. But Al Jazeera would have been a perfect
candidate to bypass cable and go digital-only. Consider: You’ve already got
the infrastructure: A few years ago, the Web’s capacity to handle lots of
streaming video was an open question. But now we’ve seen — courtesy of the
Olympics and Felix Baumgartner’s space jump — that this isn’t a problem, at
least not for a cable-sized crowd. You’ve already got the eyeballs: No need to
reiterate the size of YouTube’s audience (but it’s around 800 million people
worldwide, in case you’ve forgotten). The more important part is that Al
Jazeera’s prospective U.S. audience — news junkies, Muslim Americans, Muslims
living in America, etc. — are quite certainly already getting most of their
information from the Web. They do that now because they have no choice, but my
hunch is that even when Al Jazeera shows up on cable, they’ll keep consuming
most of their news on the Web. Because that’s where they like to consume it.
You’ve got the flexibility: Right now, anyone in America can stream Al Jazeera
whenever they want, for free, without paying for cable. But that’s not the
case with Current TV or nearly any other cable network, because the cable
providers who pay for cable programming don’t want it going out on the Web for
free. They want to package Web access (along with phones, tablets, connected
TV, etc.) as a “TV Everywhere” bonus for pay-TV subscribers. Maybe Al Jazeera
wants that, too. But moving from Web-only to cable means it will have much
less choice in the matter, regardless. So why not spend much less than a half-
billion dollars and make Al Jazeera the Web’s first “real” TV news operation?
If you’re a Web video guy who wants to make yourself feel better, you can tell
yourself that its owners have misjudged TV’s value. Maybe they’re like all
those guys who bought newspapers at the end of the ’90s. Or maybe they’re like
Japanese trophy hunters buying Pebble Beach and Rockefeller Center at the end
of the ’80s. But if you’re waiting around for an ambitious, deep-pocketed
player with global appeal to make a big bet on Web video as a real TV
alternative, you just missed a huge opportunity. May be a while before you get
another one. (Image courtesy of Shutterstock/Altay Kaya) Tagged with:
advertising, Al Jazeera, Current TV, Felix Baumgartner, Google, Olympics,
subscriptions, Time Warner Cable, Web video, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You
Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version