WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Dell’s Shareholder Meeting and Vote on the
Leveraged Buyout July 18, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Tweet Share Print The meeting of
Dell shareholders for a vote on the $24.4 billion leveraged buyout proposed by
Michael Dell and the private equity firm Silver Lake is set to begin shortly.
One of three things will happen: The vote will pass with a majority of at
least 43 percent of shareholders not named Michael Dell voting in favor of the
deal; it will fail with a similarly sized majority voting to reject it; or the
meeting will be called to order and then immediately adjourned, effectively
delaying the vote for as much as a week. If a vote happens at all, it is
expected to be close. Each of those eventualities brings with it a set
additional outcomes. If the proposal is approved, Carl Icahn is expected to
lead an effort among shareholders to fight the deal through the courts. If it
fails, it sets up the prospect of a protracted proxy battle for control of the
company. If it is delayed, it means Michael Dell and Silver Lake have decided
to try and lobby a few more shareholders to switch sides. Pressure will be on
them — and, for that matter, on Icahn, too — to raise their bid. 5:55 am: Good
morning. We’re waiting for the meeting to get under way. 6:01 am: So this is
being billed as a “special meeting of the shareholders.” It will be led by
Alex Mandl, the Dell director who has headed up its special committee. 6:03
am: Okay, we have music. 6:05 am: “Today is the day we waited for.” ELO,
a.k.a. Electric Light Orchestra. Nice choice. 6:06 am: We’ll see about that.
If the vote is delayed via an adjournment, today may not turn out to be the
day. 6:07 am: We’ve just gotten the five-minute warning. “Please take your
seats.” 6:10 am: And now silence. I imagine a lot of people milling about.
6:12 am: I have been told by sources familiar with how things are expected to
go that the meeting will be very short. 6:13 am: So, what we’re expecting is
one of three scenarios: The buyout proposal will be approved quickly. This is,
I think, unlikely, given the number of shareholders who have come out against
the deal in recent days. The meeting is beginning. Alex Mandl is speaking.
He’s talking about the corporate bylaws. 6:15 am: He is moving for an
adjourment. Meeting is adjourned until next Wednesday. 6:16 am: So, after all
that, no vote will occur today. 6:17 am: Mandl said the purpose of the
adjournment is to “solicit further shareholder votes.” 6:18 am: This means
that the next meeting will be convened on July 24 at 8 am CT, at Dell’s Campus
in Round Rock, Texas. That means we’ll see you here next week. 6:19 am: With
that, we’ll close out this liveblog. Thanks for tuning in, and we’ll see you
back here next Wednesday. Tagged with: Carl Icahn, Dell, Michael Dell, Silver
Lake Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at
8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying
December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges
December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most
Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware
Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at
1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version