WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Nick Wingfield, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal Microsoft Battles
Cyber Criminals February 25, 2010 at 3:48 pm PT Tweet Share Print Microsoft
Corp. (MSFT) launched a novel legal assault to take down a global network of
PCs suspected of spreading spam and harmful computer code, adding what the
company believes could become a potent weapon in the battle against cyber
criminals. But security experts say it isn’t yet clear how effective
Microsoft’s approach will be, while online rights groups warn that the
activities of innocent computer users could be inadvertently disrupted. On
Monday, a federal judge in Alexandria, Va., granted Microsoft’s request for an
order to deactivate hundreds of Internet addresses that the company linked to
an army of tens of thousands of PCs around the globe, infected with computer
code that allows them to be harnessed to spread spam, malicious virus programs
and mount mass attacks to disable Web sites. Read the rest of this post on the
original site Tagged with: cyber crime, digital, frontpage, Internet,
Microsoft, Nick Wingfield, software, spam, The Wall Street Journal, virus
Must-Reads from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy China’s Xiaomi Panos
Mourdoukoutas, Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul Graham, Founder,
ViaWeb We Need to Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton, Journalist, The Guardian I,
Glasshole: My Year With Google Glass Mat Honan, Senior Writer, Wired All
Together Now Chris Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The Sculpture on the Moon
Corey S. Powell and Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors, Slate About Must-Reads
» More Inside » About Voices Along with original content and posts from across
the Dow Jones network, this section of AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From
Other Websites — pieces we’ve read, discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like.
Six posts from external sites are included here each weekday, but we only run
the headlines. We link to the original sites for the rest. These posts are
explicitly labeled, so it’s clear that the content comes from other websites,
and for clarity’s sake, all outside posts run against a pink background. We
also solicit original full-length posts and accept some unsolicited
submissions. Read more » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version