WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Zynga Raising $500 Million at $10 Billion
Valuation February 17, 2011 at 7:02 pm PT Tweet Share Print The fast-growing
social gaming company Zynga is close to completing a funding round of $500
million, valuing the company at $10 billion, said multiple sources. The round
includes big institutional investors Morgan Stanley, T. Rowe Price, Fidelity
Investments, as well as a token investment from existing venture investor
Kleiner Perkins, in order to establish the huge valuation. The big funding is
essentially a precursor to an initial public offering. Zynga has already
raised more than $500 million from a panoply of Silicon Valley VCs such as
Kleiner and Andreessen Horowitz, as well as Russia’s DST Global. Their
interest has been in Zynga’s explosive growth in social gaming, with such hits
as FarmVille, CityVille and Mafia Wars. The company grew virally, initially
due to its close relationship with social networking giant Facebook. Since
then, it has tried to find other ways to distribute its games, although it
still depends largely on Facebook’s audience. While some worry about Zynga’s
reliance on Facebook, as well as its sharing some of its revenue, sources said
the company’s sales of virtual goods and advertising is closing in on $1
billion and more annually. The massive valuation for the San Francisco-based
Zynga comes after similar rounds by large Wall Street players in social media
hotshots. Facebook raised $1.5 billion from Goldman Sachs and others and
social buying site Groupon raised close to $1 billion from T. Rowe Price,
Fidelity and others. The New York Times reported tonight the round was $250
million and named T. Rowe Price and Fidelity as possible investors. Earlier
this week, The Wall Street Journal also had the round at $250 million. Tagged
with: Andreessen Horowitz, BoomTown, CityVille, DST Global, entertainment,
Facebook, Farmville, Fidelity Investments, Groupon, Internet, Kleiner Perkins,
Mafia Wars, Morgan Stanley, New York Times, social networking, software, T.
Rowe Price, Zynga You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00
pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 …
2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go
Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at
7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version