WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Dell Wins $2.4 Billion Bidding War for Quest
Software July 2, 2012 at 5:48 am PT Tweet Share Print After more than a month
of back-and-forth negotiations, Dell today announced that it had landed the
reluctant fish called Quest Software. Dell will pay $28 a share for Quest —
about $5 a share more than Quest was valued at back in May, when all this
started — for a total of $2.4 billion. It all began when Quest agreed to go
private after a bid of $23 a share from Insight Venture Partners, the private
equity firm that had helped Quest go public several years back. Dell stepped
into the mix during a go-shop period meant to entice a superior offer for the
benefit of Quest shareholders. The talks were said to have broken off at the
start of June. Except that they really didn’t. Reports emerged that talks for
Quest were back on, with an unnamed “strategic bidder” offering $25 a share,
which Quest mentioned in a mysterious press release on June 14. Not to be
outdone, Insight set about raising more money, and found a partner in private
equity firm Vector Capital. Together, they offered $2.2 billion for Quest.
Dell — still playing the role of the masked “strategic bidder,” came back and
offered $2.32 billion on June 25. Unless I missed it, I didn’t see a
counteroffer from team Insight, so, for some reason, the offer price rose by
another $300 million and change from what had last been reported. Why all the
fuss over a company no one has ever heard of? Well, Quest has been around for
a long time. It’s a 25-year-old company that last year reported $857 million
in sales, and a $44 million net profit. Its specialty is creating management
systems for enterprise software. One of its main products is Toad, which
automates a lot of maintenance tasks and is widely sold against Oracle
databases. There are other versions of it that work with Sybase and SQL
Servers. Its size and specialty put Quest right in the wheelhouse of the sort
of things that Dell is trying to build and buy as it seeks to transform itself
into an enterprise hardware, software and services concern, with a smaller
strategic emphasis on its older PC business. By at least one metric, that
strategy is working — a little. Dell’s consumer PC business, for which it is
best known, amounts to about one-fifth of its revenue, while its enterprise-
oriented businesses amount to about 50 percent. The wrinkle is that the
enterprise part is mostly PCs. Quest is, by far, Dell’s biggest acquisition in
recent memory. In March, Dell spent $1.2 billion for SonicWall, a privately
held security gear concern. In April, it went on a bit of an M&A; bender,
taking out three companies in as many days. First was privately held Wyse
Technology, a maker of thin clients — now fashionably called “virtual
desktops” — in a deal estimated to have been worth about $400 million. Dell
followed that with deals for Make Technology and Clerity Solutions. Dell
shareholders, who initially seemed not to like the company’s acquisitive
stance regarding Quest, aren’t bolting yet. With about 20 minutes remaining
before the markets open for trading, Dell shares are up by about four cents,
or about one-third of 1 percent. Not exactly a ringing endorsement. Update:
Perhaps I spoke too soon. It’s 9:33 am in New York and the markets are open;
Dell shares have opened down 15 cents, or more than 1 percent, and are trading
at $12.36. I guess shareholders didn’t like this deal, after all. Dell can
certainly afford Quest. It has $13.7 billion in combined cash and short-term
investments on the balance sheet. The problem is that Dell has also started
paying a dividend amounting to 8 cents a share, and some analysts have worried
that will put too much demand on the cash reserves it needs to continue buying
companies. The announcement is below: Dell to Acquire Quest Software Award-
winning Quest bolsters Dell competitive position in delivering end-to-end IT
solutions. Strong strategic fit with Dell’s software group; extends existing
capabilities in systems management, security, data protection and workspace
management. ROUND ROCK, Texas & ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)– Dell and
Quest Software today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement
for Dell to acquire Quest, an award-winning IT management software provider
offering a broad selection of solutions that solve the most common and most
challenging IT problems. Dell recently announced the formation of its Software
Group to build upon its existing software expertise. The Dell Software Group
will add to Dell’s enterprise solutions capability, accelerate strategic
growth and further differentiate the company from competitors by increasing
its solutions portfolio with Dell-owned intellectual property. Quest’s family
of software solutions and key technologies are strongly aligned with Dell’s
software strategy. The acquisition provides critical components to expand
Dell’s software capabilities in systems management, security, data protection
and workspace management. In addition, Quest’s software portfolio is highly
complementary to Dell’s scalable design approach to develop solutions that
scale with customer needs. Some examples include: The Quest One Identity and
Access Management solution family adds to Dell’s very strong set of security
assets with SonicWALL and Secureworks, creating a comprehensive set of
security solutions to address important customer needs. Quest’s Performance
Monitoring solutions for applications, networks and databases address a
rapidly growing need for our customers. Industry analysts have consistently
ranked Quest Foglight as a leading application performance monitoring
solution. Businesses of all sizes are looking to reduce their IT complexity
and automate workloads for their IT departments. Customers worldwide leverage
Foglight to continually monitor their IT environments, proactively identifying
and remedying performance issues before they become bigger problems. Quest’s
Windows Server Management solutions complement Dell Services’ rapidly growing
application modernization practice with recently acquired Clerity Solutions
and Make Technologies. Effective database management is critical to the
successful operation of most organizations. Quest’s Database Management
capabilities offer a strong complement to Dell’s enterprise offering. Today,
millions of DBAs, developers, and analysts around the world rely on Quest’s
database management tools to simplify their work. Quest has a diversified
software portfolio and generated $857 million in global revenue based on its
fiscal year 2011 results at gross margins of 86 percent and operating margins
of 11 percent. Quest supports heterogeneous and next-generation virtualized
environments across leading platform vendors. The addition of Quest, including
its 1,500 software sales experts and 1,300 software developers, to Dell’s
existing software expertise in systems management, security and cloud
integration, is the foundation of a $1.2 billion software business, based on
annual revenue. Quest, established in 1987, is headquartered in Aliso Viejo,
Calif. and serves more than 100,000 customers worldwide, including 87 percent
of the Fortune 500. The company has approximately 3,850 employees and operates
60 offices in 23 countries. Quotes “The addition of Quest will enable Dell to
deliver more competitive server, storage, networking and end user computing
solutions and services to customers,” said John Swainson, president, Dell
Software Group. “Quest’s suite of industry-leading software products, highly-
talented team members and unique intellectual property will position us well
in the largest and fastest growing areas of the software industry. We intend
to build upon the strong momentum Quest brings to Dell.” “Clearly, Dell’s
distribution, reach and brand are well recognized in the industry. Combine
that with Quest’s software expertise and award-winning systems management
products and you have a very powerful combination for our customers and
partners,” said Vinny Smith, chairman and chief executive officer of Quest
Software. “With this transaction, Quest’s products and employees become the
foundation for Dell’s critical software business.” A financial analyst call
with Dave Johnson, senior vice president, Dell Corporate Strategy; John
Swainson, president, Dell Software Group; Brian Gladden, chief financial
officer, Dell; and Vinny Smith, chairman and chief executive officer, Quest
Software; will be webcast live today at 8:45 a.m. Central Time and archived at
www.dell.com/investor Terms and Closing Under terms of the agreement, approved
by the boards of directors of both companies, Dell will pay $28.00 per share
in cash for each share of Quest for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately $2.4 billion, net of Quest’s cash and debt. The transaction is
expected to close in Dell’s third fiscal quarter, subject to approval by
Quest’s shareholders and customary conditions. About Quest Established in
1987, Quest Software (QSFT) provides simple and innovative IT management
solutions that enable more than 100,000 global customers to save time and
money across physical and virtual environments. Quest products solve complex
IT challenges ranging from database management, data protection, identity and
access management, monitoring, user workspace management to Windows
management. About Dell Dell Inc. (DELL) listens to customers and delivers
worldwide innovative technology, business solutions and services they trust
and value. For more information, visit www.Dell.com. Tagged with: Dell,
enterprise, enterprise software, Insight Venture Partners, mergers and
acquistions, quest, Quest Software, software Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version