WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Not Dead Yet! The CD Still Rules Music (But iTunes Is
Closing the Gap). August 18, 2009 at 6:41 am PT Tweet Share Print [CORRECTION:
My assertion about NPD’s unit sales data below is incorrect: The tracking
service counts 12 digital download singles as the equivalent of one CD. That
makes Apple’s share of the market that much more impressive, since singles
make up the majority of iTunes sales.] Ready to toss dirt on the old, unloved
CD? You’re going to have to wait a while. Compact discs are increasingly hard
to find (at least in physical stores), but someone out there keeps buying
them: The ancient format still makes up the majority of music sales in the
U.S. Here are the data for the first half of the year, via the NPD Group
consumer-tracking outfit: CDs made up 65 percent of the music market, while
paid digital downloads accounted for 35 percent. The digital share has
increased from 20 percent two years ago, and Apple’s iTunes (AAPL) alone makes
up 25 percent of overall sales*, so you’re going to hear lots of proclamations
about Steve Jobs’s ascent to the to top of the music industry. But hold off on
that, just a bit. Because those numbers are skewed even more in favor of the
CD than they appear at first glance: They’re measuring unit sales, not
dollars. And given that the majority of digital sales are in the single format
(i.e., a dollar or so a pop), that means CDs (at $10 or so a pop) still
account for the vast majority of music revenue. Which is why the industry is
still tied to CDs, even though no one you know buys them anymore. And it
explains why the industry is working on two separate digital formats (dubbed
“Cocktail” when sold by Apple, and CMX when sold by anyone else) designed to
induce buyers to pay for CD-like bundles. It won’t work. At best, they’ll
convince some digital album buyers to upgrade, but the music business is once
again a singles business, and it’s going to remain that way. But you can’t
blame the industry for trying. By the way, there are decent odds you’ll hear
about Cocktail at Apple’s September event, which Digital Daily’s John
Paczkowski says is scheduled for Sept. 9. Mark your calendar. *If you’re
keeping track: Wal-Mart (WMT) and Target (TGT) trail Apple in the overall
market. And iTunes still dominates the digital download market with a 69
percent share, while Amazon (AMZN) is a distant second with eight percent.
Tagged with: album, Amazon, Apple, CD, CMX, Cocktail, compact disc, data,
digital, download, entertainment, event, format, Internet, iTunes, John
Paczkowski, MediaMemo, music, music industry, music market, NPD Group, Peter
Kafka, revenue, September, share, single format, software, Steve Jobs, Target,
U.S., unit sales, video, Wal-Mart Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While
You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at
3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00
am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23,
2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20,
2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV:
Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00
am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version