WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher
Yahoo Held Hostage, Day 44: BoomTown Decodes the Memo, So You Don’t Have To!
August 30, 2007 at 3:29 am PT Tweet Share Print Where oh where shall we begin
on such a juicy and newsy day for the beleaguered Internet giant–or, as I will
henceforth refer to Yahoo, BIG, given “beleaguered” has become the adjective
that has been sticking most tenaciously to the company of late. Well, of
course, the big news at the BIG is yet another reorg, this time one that puts
Yahoo President Sue Decker (pictured here) in obvious and firm charge of the
place. To recap: In my post early yesterday morning, I signaled the upcoming
reorg changes, a report followed by the great scoop by Valleywag editor Owen
Thomas of the departure of ad sales head Greg Coleman and ascension of Decker
protege Hilary Schneider. I followed with more specifics of the reorg, before
it was announced, including more power for Network head Jeff Weiner, and also
news of another unnamed ad marketing exec spot created. That was finally
capped by Decker’s memo to the troops, which I posted in its entirety. Phew!
It’s like Rube Goldberg of the Web over there! But before we look forward at
what will happen next, let’s assume a day of rest at the ongoing soap opera at
Yahoo and try to parse the recent memo Decker sent to the troops: Sue wrote:
Fellow Yahoo!s, Translation: Nice move right at start by keeping that
exclamation point. It’s nostalgic! It’s peppy!! It says, remember 1999!!! It
says damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead!!!! Sue wrote: Over the past two
months, Jerry and I and the rest of the management team have been taking a
close look at our business–from top to bottom–and have been working hard to
refine Yahoo!’s strategy and longer-term objectives. With that in mind, today
I would like to tell you about a number of organizational changes that will
help us achieve our goals to better serve our customers, accelerate the speed
of making fast, smart decisions, and create cleaner lines of accountability
across key leaders. Translation: Well, we wanted the full 100 days to think
this stuff over (and cause the maximum amount of internal agony), but the
annoying press fed by scads of disgruntled employees forced our hand earlier
than we thought. Thus, we’ll do what we do best: Announce yet another reorg!
We swear this is the last one. Really. Cross our hearts. Promise!!! Sue wrote:
Building on the success that we have had in aligning our sales and
distribution organizations around customers, rather than around advertising
products like search and display, the two major changes we are announcing
today are designed to take this to a higher level. They will also better align
our resources and priorities focused on building key audiences. Translation:
We like to use the word align here, as things have gotten seriously out of
whack and our consultants tell us it is a calming word. And by key audiences,
we mean the ones who pay off, like we are finding in a recent research project
I am pushing called Goldmine, wherein women and seniors are big cash cows at
Yahoo. Sue wrote: First, we are placing responsibility for all of our
“partners”–advertisers, agencies, resellers, publishers, ad networks,
developers, or others–in a new division called Global Partner Solutions (GPS),
under the leadership of Hilary Schneider. This new group will be charged with
creating, delivering and coordinating global best practices for solutions to
all of our partners. Furthermore, this unit will have direct responsibility
for our U.S. go-to-market efforts (i.e., sales, marketing and business
development) across: all ad formats, including search, display, video, mobile,
listings, etc. all online marketing objectives, including brand, performance,
promotional, and all customer types and sizes, including large enterprises,
small online businesses, and local brick-and-mortar companies Business
development deals for Mobile and content the will continue to be led by
Connected Life and the Yahoo! Network Division, respectively, and will work in
close coordination with GPS. Global Partner Solutions will be responsible for
segmenting the business needs of our partners into actionable groups,
understanding the needs of these segments and our ability to meet these needs,
developing holistic business strategies to delight and surprise these
segments, and executing on these strategies. This approach will help us
achieve faster, smarter decision-making and improved execution in support of
better serving our customers. For example, we will be able to much more
quickly identify and secure the ad inventory that best meets our advertisers’
objectives and partner with advertisers that best meet our publishing
partners’ objectives as well as provide the most compelling experience to the
vast audiences we reach. Hilary is a strong executive with a tremendous track
record of success–most recently in building the Yahoo! Publishing Network and
spearheading the Newspaper Consortium deal–and I believe she is ideally suited
to lead this effort. The organizational changes that will accompany this
change are to move Global Sales, the Online Channel, the Yahoo! Publisher
Network, Corporate Partnerships and Hot Jobs under the single umbrella of
Global Partner Solutions. Reporting to Hilary will be David Karnstedt–SVP,
North American Sales; Jacki Kelley–VP, Sales Strategy; Dan Foehner–VP,
Worldwide Sales Operations; Mark Rabe–VP, Cross Border Sales; Rich Riley–SVP,
Online Channel Division; Todd Teresi–SVP, Yahoo! Publisher Network; Jim
Schinella–SVP, Corporate Partnerships; and Jeff Kinder–SVP/GM, Hot Jobs.
Translation: A new division with an even more incomprehensible name!!! I
wanted to call it the Ad Moolah and the Companies We Can Partner With to Make
Ad Moolah Group, but Yang nixed it as too clear. And make no mistake, GPS is
top dog, and everyone better stop bickering and jockeying for power and get
along, as there is a new sheriff in town and I shoot first and ask questions
later. Also, with all those reports, Hilary has now officially become Mini-Me.
So, although she does not bite, watch out! Sue wrote: As many of you know,
Greg Coleman has been actively engaged in leading the integration of Yahoo!’s
search and display ad sales teams and communicating the benefits of our more
integrated capabilities to our major clients, who have been very receptive to
this holistic approach. This integration is now well underway, and his
leadership and expertise have helped enormously to effect a smooth transition.
He and I have discussed for some time the need to further integrate Yahoo!’s
capabilities in order to better support the needs of our key customer groups.
Therefore, with the decision to create this new Global Partner Solutions unit
under Hilary’s leadership, we mutually agreed that Greg would leave Yahoo! to
pursue other opportunities. We are fortunate that he will continue to assist
us in this transition through February, closely advising the team. We deeply
appreciate Greg’s contributions to Yahoo! over the past six and a half years,
a period in which our advertising revenues have increased from $600 million a
year to more than $6 billion, with substantial growth not only in the U.S. but
in Europe, Asia and key emerging markets around the world. We wish him the
best of luck in the years ahead. Translation: OK, we’re not going to smack you
publicly like we did ex-ad sales exec Wenda Millard, even after she made us
piles of ad money over the years, as you did, as long as you go quietly and
don’t disparage us after you go. And be thankful that it’s not quite the same
kind of don’t-let-the-door-hit-you-on-the-way-out of previous botched
executive departures! Sue wrote: The second major organizational change we are
announcing today is that we are moving the properties in the Local Markets and
Commerce Division (LMC), excluding HotJobs, from Hilary’s organization into
the Yahoo! Network Division under Jeff Weiner’s strong leadership. As a key
member of the executive team, Jeff has held a number of pivotal roles at
Yahoo! including SVP of Search and Marketplaces where he oversaw a number of
these properties. As a result, the transition to Network should be seamless.
Jen Dulski will continue to lead Shopping, Travel, Auto, Real Estate and Local
under Jeff and Anna Zornosa will continue to lead Personals. This move will
drive further organizational alignment around our key audience properties and
result in clearer accountability and faster, smarter decision-making and
better integration overall. In addition, the engineering function will also
moved to align with the product team and will report into Venkat
Panchapakesan. Translation: That Jeff Weiner still will not get voted off the
island or leave it on his own steam, so get used to it. In fact, his tenacity
and the fact that I loaded up Hilary with so much stuff means Jeff gets even
more, too. As you can see, I am a benevolent ruler. Sue wrote: Also, in an
effort to create better alignment with the core business units, we are moving
Cammie Dunaway, CMO, and her Customer Experience organization to report to me.
As a result of these changes, my direct reports now include Hilary
Schneider–EVP of Global Partner Solutions; Jeff Weiner–EVP of the Yahoo!
Network Division; Marco Boerries–EVP, Connected Life; Toby Coppel–Head of
Yahoo! Europe; Keith Nilsson–Head of Emerging Markets; Rose Tsou–Head of the
Asia Region; a soon to be hired EVP–Marketing Products Division; Cammie
Dunaway–CMO; Jeff McCombs–my Chief of Staff and VP, Business Management; and
Greg Coleman (through February 2008). Translation: Mine, mine, mine, all mine.
Plus Jerry might now be able to get in a round or two of golf. Sue wrote: I
know there have been many changes at Yahoo! over the last few months, and I
know that change is not always easy. But I greatly appreciate all of your
patience, dedication and hard work. As we look to make Yahoo! the partner of
choice for our customers and partners. I am confident that we are putting the
right people in the right positions to focus on the right opportunities.
Congratulations to all. Translation: By “change,” I mean turmoil. And by
“patience, dedication and hard work,” I mean Job-like stupor. And by “right
people in the right positions to focus on the right opportunities,” I mean I
hope this is the right recipe this time. Sue wrote: Sue Translation: You all
realize, of course, no one gets to call me “Sue” going forward. Tagged with:
BoomTown, digital, Greg Coleman, Hilary Schneider, Internet, Jeff Weiner,
Jerry Yang, Kara Swisher, memo, reorganization, Sue Decker, Yahoo Third
Foxconn Worker Dies Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust”
May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and
Spielberg Movie “Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder
Josh James Talks About $10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight
With Adobe May 18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes,
That Would Be a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl
Sandberg on Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at
6:15 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version