WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Tilera’s Server Chip Challenges Intel, Sort Of
January 30, 2012 at 6:44 am PT Tweet Share Print It’s been awhile since there
was a new chip on the scene to get excited about; one that didn’t come from
Intel, and wasn’t aimed at a mobile phone. It’s been even longer since there
was a chip aimed at servers. Today is one of those days. A start-up called
Tilera today unveiled a chip it calls the TILE-Gx. Essentially, it’s a super-
chip with 36 cores which — so the company claims — beats a traditional Intel
server chip on the key metric of performance per watt. For those who don’t
keep score in the arcane world of semiconductors, I’ll revisit some of the
basics of the above paragraph. We all know that Intel and its one main rival,
Advanced Micro Devices, sell chips for servers. Those chips, and those that go
into PCs, are generally known as x86 chips, a name derived from the
instruction set they share. On the other hand, there are ARM chips, which are
a different breed, and exist in a very different ecosystem. Scores of
companies make ARM-based chips for all kinds of different uses, and they
license the basics of the designs from ARM, the company, which last year did
$636 million in revenue. ARM chips show up in phones and tablets from the
likes of Broadcom, Qualcomm, Texas Instruments and Nvidia, but not so much in
PCs and servers. ARM is even the basis for Apple’s A4 and A5 chips. At CES
last year, Microsoft said it would create a version of Windows 8 that will
support ARM chips. And a company called Calxeda (which I initially got mixed
up with Tilera) is aiming to bring ARM cores to chips running in servers.
Tilera, based in San Jose, Calif., is backed by investments from Bessemer
Venture Partners, Walden International, Columbia Capital and VentureTech
Alliance; plus a trio of strategic investors, Quanta Computer, NTT Finance and
Broadcom. Its new chip is based around an entirely new architecture developed
by Tilera’s CTO Anant Agarwal, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. It forgoes both the traditional x86 and ARM architectures. Aimed
squarely at servers, its intention is to get the same work done that a
traditional Intel server chip does, while using less power to do it. That’s
not a trivial benefit, especially in data center environments where servers
are bunched together and pushed to the performance limit. The biggest
operational expense in running them is going to be power. So it’s on this
point that server vendors and chip vendors obsess over saving a watt here and
there — over the machine’s useful lifetime, the costs will add up
considerably. How it does this is what makes it interesting. Essentially, the
cores on the chip do something that an Intel chip can’t do: They communicate
among themselves. The way I understand it — and I admit I’m simplifying it
greatly — the cores on an x86 chip rely on a single communications channel,
called the Bus, to communicate. The Tilera architecture allows each core to
communicate directly with the other cores, thus eliminating the need for the
Bus and cutting back on the need for power. The top-end chip — there are two
versions — has 36 cores. A core is essentially the main computing engine on a
chip. If you’re reading this on a PC, chances are the chip inside it has two
cores, maybe four. It used to be that chips had only one core, until it became
logical to put two or more on a single chip. I’ve always compared multicore
chips to roommates folding laundry together. When there’s a big pile of
laundry to be folded, one person can certainly do it, but two or four get it
done faster and with less effort. Multicore chips basically prove the old
adage that many hands make for fast work. There’s an obvious appeal to a chip
like this, but there are a lot of strikes against it. First, much of the
server ecosystem is pretty well entrenched. Companies run what applications
they already have, and are usually loath to mess with their computing
environments much. Changing the architecture of the CPU chip inside the
servers is about as major a decision as a CIO may ever make, and one they
don’t make lightly. First they’ll have to test it and run it for awhile, and
then see how it interacts with other systems. It’s not the sort of decision
that happens just overnight. Also, a new architecture brings with it a lot of
software compatibility questions that will give many IT departments pause.
Meanwhile, Intel, which sells chips that go into most of the world’s
mainstream servers, will continue to push its power consumption down. At the
same time, it’s been trying like crazy to use its Atom line of chips to mount
an attack on ARM’s territory and win business from phone and tablet vendors.
That effort is just now seeing its first early successes. If there’s a great
long-term story in chips that bears watching, the grappling between Intel and
the ever-expanding universe of ARM vendors is certainly it. Correction: I
initially thought the Tilera chip was based on the ARM architecture. I’ve
revised the story to correct that. Tagged with: A5, Advanced Micro Devices,
Apple, ARM, Broadcom, chips, enterprise hardware, instruction set, Intel,
iPad, iPhone, mobiles phones, Nvidia, Qualcomm, semiconductors, servers,
tablets, Texas Instruments, Tilera, X86 Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version