WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Dell Shares Down 10 Percent After Earnings
Report August 17, 2011 at 10:04 am PT Tweet Share Print Shares in PC maker
Dell have dropped more than 10 percent today in the wake of an earnings report
yesterday in which the company reported profits that beat expectations but
offered a poor sales outlook. Dell shares are down by $1.59 to $14.21,
representing a drop of more than nearly 10.2 percent as of 9:40 am San
Francisco time, amid heavier than usual trading volume. The company has been
seeking to reduce its exposure to the more fickle markets for consumer PCs and
other devices and investing more aggressively in building up its enterprise IT
offerings, says Brent Bracelin, an analyst with Pacific Crest Securities, in a
note to clients today. Dell’s exposure now accounts for less than 5 percent of
operating profits, he wrote. To that end, one small bright spot came in the
enterprise business. While sales of notebooks fell short of expectations by
$200 million, dropping to the lowest growth rate in almost two years, these
results were offset in part, Bracelin says, by stronger growth in the server
and storage business. This helped boost per-share earnings to 54 cents, which
beat the consensus by five cents, despite the fact that sales fell short of
expectations by $100 million. Dell also reduced its sales forecasts for the
full year. The shift toward the enterprise has helped Dell shares to rise by
17 percent so far this year, beating the Nasdaq, which has fallen about 5
percent. “Most of the gains can be attributed to four consecutive quarters of
greater than 50 percent operating profit growth driven by an enterprise IT
spending recovery that was accentuated by Dell’s transformation in adding
higher-value enterprise products and services,” Bracelin wrote. But all good
things must come to an end. Contracting IT budgets and the larger economy are
delivering a one-two punch to Dell’s prospects. Bracelin wrote that it could
be a year before Dell’s growth starts to accelerate again. Tagged with: Dell,
enterprise, IT, Michael Dell, personal computers, servers, tablets Apple
Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You
Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013
at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013
at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology
of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-
Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version