Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login 6 Social Media Misconceptions
to Shake in 2017 Reading Time: 4 Minutes Despite the success stories from
2016, many advertisers are still wrapping their heads around social media as
an effective channel for driving business objectives. Duke’s annual CMO survey
found that on a scale of 1 to 7, marketers’ average social media capability is
only 3.69, which points to a disconnect between the potential of paid social
advertising and marketers’ understanding of the medium. At Adaptly, we’ve
heard our fair share of hair-raising questions and misconceptions about the
social media marketing industry. Here are just six brands should shake this
New Year: 1\. “People don’t go on Facebook to buy things.” People aren’t
watching TV or listening to the radio to buy things either – in that sense,
social media is just like any other media channel. While Facebook may not be a
primary destination for online shopping, that doesn’t mean that users are not
inspired to make purchases after seeing content on the platform. Facebook
research indicates that nearly half of in-store purchases are influenced by
digital interactions, especially on mobile, where people spend 80% of social
media time. Case in point: Adaptly client Frito-Lay drove a 5% sales lift for
Lay’s potato chips when running ads across both Facebook and Instagram.
Ultimately, advertisers wouldn’t be buying Facebook ads if they didn’t deliver
results: 68% of retailers report that Facebook ads increase sales. In the
third quarter of 2016 alone Facebook made over $6.8 billion in advertising
revenue, up 59% year-over-year from 2015, proving that not only are
advertisers investing heavily in Facebook, but that their investments are
increasing. 2\. “Why should I run ads on Pinterest? I’m not targeting young
moms.” Young moms is only one example of people who use Pinterest. Men,
millennials, and every demographic in between are all active on the platform.
In fact, 40% of new Pinterest signups are men, and the audience has tripled in
the past year. Pinterest reaches 50% of US millennials and a whopping 80
million people outside of the US. Most importantly, all of these people are
using Pinterest to be inspired, and 87% have made a purchase seeing a product
they liked on the platform. People engage with Pinterest throughout the entire
path to purchase, and those who have engaged with Promoted Pins spend seven
times more money than people who haven’t, showing that no matter who your
brand is trying to reach on Pinterest, purchase intent is certainly there. 3\.
“Our main goal is to drive fans.” Fans and followers are an important asset,
but there are so many other audiences on these platforms that are relevant to
your business. For instance, users who have visited your site or engaged with
your content, and customers. It doesn’t make sense to invest money in fan or
follower acquisition, and then pay again to target them through your campaign.
If acquiring fans is still your main goal then you’re not taking advantage of
all these platforms have to offer. Brands now use social media advertising to
drive real business objectives, like in-store sales and app downloads. What
good is driving fans when you can drive customers instead? 4\. “Snapchat is
all the rage…for now.” Snapchat has over 150 million daily active users, and
daily video views increased 350% in the span of one year, from 2 billion to 10
billion. With Snapchatters spending 25 to 30 minutes each day in the app,
we’re confident that Snapchat is here to stay. Another sure sign of Snapchat’s
longevity is its expansion to demographics beyond just millennials. In
addition to reaching 41% of 18-34 year-olds, the app now boasts that half of
new daily users are over the age of 25. Since Snapchat launched an API, brands
can buy Snap Ads through partners like Adaptly with significant cost-savings
in order to engage the platform’s growing user base. Snap Ads are a powerful
vertical video format that gives advertisers 100% screen share-of-voice and
users the ability to swipe up to see longer-form content or a web view within
the app. And, with parent company Snap Inc.’s foray into physical products
with Spectacles, the company is poised to revolutionize the camera in ways
that consumers and brands will be sure to pay attention to. 5\. “What’s a good
benchmark of success?” While having a reference point to help contextualize
campaigns can feel vital, every brand, campaign, target audience, and platform
is different. The platforms have evolved from proxy metrics like click-through
and engagement rates to include KPIs that more closely align with brand-
specific end goals such as online sales and in-store foot traffic. We
recommend gauging social efforts against your own past campaigns rather than
general industry benchmarks, in addition to leveraging lift studies to
calculate incremental lift from each channel. Carousel ads to showcase
multiple products Link ads to drive users to websites Lead ads to generate
leads on mobile Offer ads to drive offer redemptions 6\. “Social doesn’t drive
ROI.” Ad products and features on social media platforms have evolved
massively. There are now several different types of sponsored posts that help
advertisers focus on what they’re trying to achieve with campaigns: There are
also more sophisticated targeting capabilities that enable brands to not only
reach users based on who they are (age, gender, location), but also to find
customers via CRM data and target audiences based on offline purchase
behavior. Data partners like Oracle Data Cloud, Acxiom, Epsilon, and
Cardlytics allow advertisers to identify customers based on whether they have
visited a site and taken action. With Facebook in particular, the Facebook
tracking pixel allows for measuring online sales along with matching offline
sales data and/or store visits. This innovation means that social campaigns
can be linked directly back to sales and ROI. And ultimately, marketers can
utilize lift studies to understand the incremental impact from each platform
and determine the most appropriate attribution models. Ruth Arber VP,
Strategic Accounts Ruth leads the strategy team at Adaptly, working with
brands to understand their objectives and provide tailored strategic
solutions. Starting her career as a Facebook biddable specialist over 6 years
ago she has a developed an in-depth knowledge of the activation, campaign
management & strategy across a range of Paid Social channels. London born, she
moved to New York 18 months ago to work in Adaptly’s HQ to work on key
accounts and entertain clients with her British accent. Office New York Share
Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's
Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest
advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be
Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417
Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New
York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago
747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street
Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San
Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers
News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact