Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer Success Success Stories Reviews Services
Specsavers Achieves Enterprise View of Corporate Performance to Lead Business
Initiatives Increased Visibility Into Data Enables Quicker, More Strategic
Decision-Making English, British – ANZ English, British – UK Tabs and
spreadsheets only go so far in painting a comprehensive financial picture. At
Specsavers, multiple “Excel silos” were blocking visibility into making data-
driven decisions. The lack of collaboration created a lengthy consolidation
process prone to manual input errors. The U.K.-based optical retailer turned
to the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud for improved budgeting,
tighter reporting turnaround, and seamless data source integration, giving
Specsavers new eyes on the retail landscape. Challenges Living in a world of
"Excel silos" with lack of collaboration across management teamsLengthy
consolidation process prone to manual errorsInadequate budget version control
Results Automated monthly reporting and what-if scenario modeling for
decisions on hiring and investments in the businessCorporate-wide planning
accelerated by 50%Self-service financial reporting provides executives better
visibility of what’s happening to make quicker, more strategic business
decisions About: Specsavers is a partnership of almost 2,000 locally-run
businesses throughout the U.K., Ireland, the Netherlands, Sweden, Norway,
Finland, Denmark, Spain, Australia, and New Zealand, all committed to
delivering high-quality, affordable optical and hearing care in the
communities they serve. With over 28 million customers, one in three people
who wear glasses in the U.K. buy them from Specsavers. Location: United
Kingdom Industry: Retail Adaptive Insights offers Specsavers visibility into
all of our key performance metrics through a single pane of glass. We can rest
assured that this information is both accurate and up-to-date, which is vital
when we’re planning and making predictions. Matt Buckley, Group Planning &
Reporting Lead for Finance, Specsavers Improve your decision making. Try
Adaptive Insights free for 30 days.Free TrialMoving away From data silos Using
spreadsheets to manage its budgeting and business planning, Specsavers faced a
lack of collaboration across management teams in more than one hundred cost
centers. Consolidating data into a single overall budget was not only time-
consuming, it was often prone to human error. With the company’s plans to
expand, such problems were only set to get worse. "We were living in a world
of Excel silos," said Matt Buckley, group planning and reporting lead for
finance at Specsavers. "Budgeting and planning had become a version control
nightmare among numerous stakeholders and contributors, and inaccuracies
increasingly threatened to throw business goals off course. We were in
desperate need of a single version of the truth on which we could base current
and future budgeting decisions." Leaping to the Cloud "Adaptive Insights
alleviated any fears in our leap to the cloud," said Buckley. "It was quick to
deploy and has the look and feel of Excel, but the power and analytical
capabilities of a much more sophisticated solution. It’s helping us produce
error-free, standardized versions of our budgets, forecasts, and financial
reporting that helps us make decisions with confidence in the data." An
empowered finance team making an impact on business decisions The Adaptive
Insights Business Planning Cloud has allowed Specsavers to allocate budget far
more simply and efficiently, reducing any unnecessary costs and minimizing the
hours spent correlating data from different cost centers. Planning has been
accelerated by 50% thanks to automated aggregation and pre-population of
planning sheets with data from the company’s general ledger and ERP systems.
Today, Specsavers generates monthly tailored reports and models complex ‘what-
if’ scenarios within Adaptive Insights for decisions on hiring and making new
investments in the business. Specsavers can easily understand the financial
impact of potential new FTEs and can quickly flow through the impact of
varying retail performances to the bottom line. With Adaptive Insights,
Specsavers has automated its variance analysis and monthly retailing KPI
reporting. "By holding our retail data and KPIs within a robust application
instead of across multiple spreadsheets, we have easy access to one version of
the truth that has become the go to database for reporting this information,"
said Buckley. Furthermore, the detailed reporting means that Specsavers has a
reliable audit trail. Self-service financial reporting has been quickly
utilized by the most senior decision makers within Specsavers. All of the
executives have simultaneous and instant access to the very latest financial
information and forecasts, giving them better visibility of what’s happening
across the organization to make quicker, more strategic business decisions.
"Adaptive Insights offers Specsavers visibility into all of our key
performance metrics all through a single pane of glass. We can rest assured
that this information is both accurate and up-to-date, which is vital when
we’re planning and making predictions," said Buckley. "Anyone who has spent
time and effort trawling through Excel spreadsheets, never quite achieving the
perfect final picture, would greet the ease and insight afforded by the
software with open arms. It has allowed us to drive discussions based on a
single view of the entire business, giving us the historic picture that allows
us to look forward based on real trends, proving that the entire business can
now benefit from a more collaborative, better informed and empowered finance
team.” It has allowed us to drive discussions based on a single view of the
entire business, giving us the historic picture that allows us to look forward
based on real trends. Matt Buckley, Group Planning & Reporting Lead for
Finance, Specsavers See Adaptive Insights in action. Watch an online
demo.Watch a Demo Watch Demo Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning
Cloudfor Finance for Sales Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col
2SolutionsChallenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer
SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training &
Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO
Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts
White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu
Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin
twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy
Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA
94303 ×Close