WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Disney Takes on Games, Again, With Infinity January 15,
2013 at 2:40 pm PT Tweet Share Print Disney owns the kids entertainment market
— except when it comes to video games, where the Mouse has had a rough go of
it. Here’s its latest attempt to break through: Disney Infinity, a series of
games aimed at console game players. That is: People who play games on
Microsoft’s Xbox 360, Sony’s PS3 and the Nintendo Wii. Short version: Infinity
is a series of games linked together via a virtual “toy box,” so players can
swap and modify characters from one game and bring them into another. Which
means Sully from “Monsters University” can jump into a “Pirates of the
Caribbean” game, etc. The games also incorporate real-world collectible toys,
which players use to unlock characters, games, etc. And you can also buy
“power up” packs and other modules to boost/alter your games. Or, for those of
you who know kids of a certain age: This is a lot like Skylanders, except with
Disney/Pixar characters that you can mash up. For the rest of you: Skylanders
is a super-successful franchise from Activision that has generated $500
million in retail sales in a couple years. That last sentence helps clarify
what Disney is trying to do here. But if you’re wondering why Disney is
focused on big, expensive (a “starter pack” for Infinity, which includes three
games, will go for $75) console games, when the big trend in gaming is toward
cheap/free casual/mobile games like Angry Birds, then Disney gaming chief John
Pleasants wants to reassure you: They’re not. “We’ve been fairly clear in our
communications with folks that we have made a fairly big shift into online,
mobile and social,” he says. And Infinity won’t change that. But since people
are still spending an awful lot of time on console games — and Sony et al are
prepping the next generation of those machines — there’s no reason to abandon
the market. Tagged with: Activision, Angry Birds, Disney, Disney Infinity,
games, gaming, John Pleasants, Microsoft, Nintendo, PS3, Skylander’s, Sony,
Wii, Xbox 360 Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While
You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost)
No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays!
Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT
Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White
Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version