WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher The Facebook Movie Is Here, the Critics Love
It–So Let the Panels Begin! September 27, 2010 at 5:16 am PT Tweet Share Print
The world of Facebook did not stop last Friday–although its unusual downtime
was kind of spooky–when “The Social Network” made its debut in New York. The
much-anticipated movie opens wide this Friday for all to see what the hubbub
is about. And for everyone in Silicon Valley to debate, of course, grokking
the film that looks askance at the origins of the powerful social networking
site and especially its founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg. BoomTown will be
doing so on Friday after a 2 pm screening sponsored by Eastwick
Communications, which will be followed by a panel discussion titled: “Trust,
Privacy, and Ethics in the Facebook Age.” Panelists include M. Ryan Calo,
director of the Consumer Privacy Project at Stanford Law School; Matt Cohler,
one of Facebook’s earliest execs (where he remains a special advisor) and now
a VC at Benchmark Capital; FutureWorks’ Brian Solis; and ReputationDefender
CEO Michael Fertik. It sounds very lofty, but I plan to be hopped up on Red
Vines and Jujubes–so please send some suggestions for questions to ask the
panel to @karaswisher on Twitter. Until then, I leave you with this terrific
picture below of Zuckerberg and Newark Mayor Cory Booker at a KIPP school
there that was posted by Solis. Frankly, I don’t give a fig about whether the
timing of his $100 million donation to help reform education was or was not to
burnish his image, after seeing the promise on the faces of these kids. It is
hopefully one of many more to come from the vast wealth Zuckerberg will have
after Facebook goes public. In fact, I’d like to know what the Winklevii did
with their $65 million payout, other than flap their lantern jaws about how
they needed more dough for creating exactly nothing. Zuckerberg might deserve
a lot of smacking around for serious issues related to how he runs Facebook
now and in the future–and he surely is about to get a truckload related to the
founding of the company. But for the donation alone, let’s all try to drop our
deep cynicism for just one moment–even as we all enjoy a movie at his expense
too. Tagged with: advisor, Benchmark Capital, Brian Solis, Consumer Privacy
Project, Cory Booker, critic, digital, donation, downtime, Eastwick
Communications, education, entertainment, ethics, Facebook, film, FutureWorks,
Internet, JuJubes, Kara Swisher, KIPP, M. Ryan Calo, Mark Zuckerberg, Matt
Cohler, Michael Fertik, movie, New Jersey, New York, Newark, panel, privacy,
public, Red Vines, reform, ReputationDefender, school, Silicon Valley, social
networking, Stanford Law School, The Social Network, trust, Twitter, VC,
wealth, Winklevii You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00
pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 …
2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go
Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at
7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There’s a lot of attention and PR around Marissa, but their product
lineup just kind of blows.— Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the
September issue of Vogue Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version