Media Facebook Tries Another Twitter-Like Move Published on September 9, 2013
by Peter Kafka Here’s the latest Twitter-like move from Facebook: Two new data
feeds that are supposed to make it easy for outsiders to tell what people are
talking about on Facebook. The idea: If, say, CNN wants to tell its viewers
what people are saying on Facebook about Syria or Miley Cyrus, it can easily
pop up data points and/or interesting “public” Facebook commentary on the
screen. Facebook has previously worked with TV programmers and others to do
this sort of stuff as one-offs (like during the last presidential election).
Now it’s dedicating two APIs for that purpose, so its partners can grab this
stuff quickly. For now, Facebook is only opening up the APIs to a handful of
TV networks and programmers, including CNN, BuzzFeed, NBC and Slate. Mass
Relevance, which makes a living sorting through social media data streams,
will do the sorting on this one. The big picture is that this is part of
Facebook’s ongoing push to grab some of the “real-time conversation” market
away from Twitter, which has had a lot of success convincing TV programmers
and others that it’s the place to go to see what people are saying right now,
about whatever. Facebook won’t come out and say that in those words, of
course. It prefers to talk about “surfacing conversations that are already
happening” on the site, which isn’t incorrect. But, for various reasons, it
hasn’t concentrated on that very much in the past. That has started changing
in the last few months, both in private conversations with media partners, and
via public moves. Some of the stuff in the latter category: Chest-beating
about all the TV chatter that happens on Facebook — supposedly at a higher
volume than it does on Twitter — and a series of new tools that ape stuff that
Twitter already has, like hashtags and “trending topics” call-outs on the
site. All of this is is very much top of mind at Twitter, which is both
sensitive about the fact that Facebook is headed its way, and dismissive of
its efforts to date. One big mantra you hear from Twitter people is that the
company does a much better job of creating conversation about a thing that is
happening at this very moment; conversations on Facebook, it argues, are much
more diffuse, and hard to follow. Facebook’s counter to Twitter’s counter is
that its conversations mean more because people sign on to Facebook using
their real names, and the site knows a lot about who they are and who they
like. Return to: Facebook Tries Another Twitter-Like Move URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20130909/facebook-tries-another-twitter-like-move/
Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company,
Inc. All Rights Reserved.