Home Browse Topics Series Events From Sponsors WSJ.com Search Now Playing
6/14/2012 5:30AM D10 Video: Nathan Myhrvold Full Session On day 2 of the 10th
annual D: All Things Digital conference, Nathan Myhrvold of Intellectual
Ventures took to the stage with Walt Mossberg to talk about nuclear reactors,
broadband antennae and the business of patents. Transcript This transcript has
been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.... the speaker or
... some may have known for a long time ... in different incarnations ... I
... Annie's ... really one of the smartest people I know and he has a
tremendous ... perspective on technology ... meet the marble ... I ... the the
the the ... I ... so how it ... is great ... see you and I ... you are here
... fifty six is the right ... and ... your company Intellectual Ventures was
... was it just new dander ... we've been around for awhile then but ... that
it was only go a long time ago in terms of the movie industry right ... so ...
in in us and we had a kind of vigorous discussion which I hope we can have
again ... is that the that thing you most the thing is just six but yet my new
love the Versa's kept me ... up ... so yes yes ... I ... what a jerk ... it
what did your company ... buys patents ... what we like to say We and has been
skewed and things would he do all the above note will recall invention capital
... and our goal is to invest in invention ... now ... that one way to invest
in invention is like Steve Brown venture capital we file patents ourselves ...
on our own inventions of war the inventions of people to partner with us ...
where the seventeenth largest inventor in the world ... the fifth largest
United States ... only IBM Micra soft beach PNG file more new patents the
media ... we also have the businesses like private equity per week by making
it a controlling investment ... in existing portfolios ... and here we buy
pounds from start-ups from fortune five hundred companies from universities
from all over the place ... so ... what did you guys invented recently that we
we know something about ... will it get to labs or a honey do these inventions
we absolutely have Labs wheelhouse of a ... wider trend Belfiore of more than
a hundred ... people come to work every day and all am ... I doing all kinds
of inventions ranging from ... nuclear reactors ... with a new kind of nuclear
power reactor the reinvented spun off a company called Terra Power ... there
is a dedicated try make that ... a real thing ... when the process spinning
off a company ... that has a unique kind of broadband internet ... that we
think is going ... to revolutionize mobile broadband ... okay ... I'm
fascinated ... to ... gleefully ... powers to see the reactor design different
than the ... pressurized light water reactor that is present well we had ... a
... there's a ... there's a bunch of major problems with existing reactors ...
beer is perceived safety issues ... and is the older ... reactors as real ones
but there's also perceive what ... is the nuclear waste problem ... when the
biggest one is that there's not that much uranium in the world ... on ... most
of the uranium ... I ... you can use our normal reaction if this is a process
called enrichment ... yes says the the rain you need to get on the ground you
can only burn seven tenths of one percent seventy basis points ... of the
rainy and ask if it is enrichment process ... that is dangerous we
proliferation which another problem ... so our reactor actually burns nuclear
waste as its fuel ... so we can power of United States for more than a hundred
years ... with all of electricity needs ... just don't waste that we're
currently spending money Taranaki out what to do it and ... I'm pretty sure
spearhead ... the government has has experiment with that idea ... of
recycling in nuclear waste not in the way we have what we have a brand new
kind of reactor ... okay um ... it be always doing was waste mostly poultry
processing right which is incredibly expensive the tilt of the Swan
experimental plant ... well it turns every processing is how you make nuclear
weapons ... OK and for that reason you really don't want the whole world
serving jewelry processing plants ... aam but you can do without ... we do
that getting his wish that we mean other data to nuclear weapons right and so
our reactor we argue is safer ... it has ... to be greatly reduced waste issue
because we can take away some existing reactors and burned as fuel ... and we
can read all of that the uranium not just the seven tenths of percent ... so
... he is the triple play it since the reactor of your dreams that I've ...
that you have seen every accuracy my signal reactors are a nightmare not just
and you know what Nathan and is pledging to make a more hands ... that's
basically my ... my my takeaway here ... aam ... ok the Bing and ten ... what
... was old and there's an interesting branches aren't C pheasants called man
of materials ... and we jumped on this when it first came out about ten years
ago ... two of our investors made him a prediction like this but to learn
better sort are will almost certainly a noble prize ... at some point the
silly deserve the Nobel Prize ... they've got Noble prize you're the first
person in the ten years and you predict someone's to get the Nobel Prize ...
that's a person ... on ... it's a new branch assaulting his ex got in for a
while it was incredibly cold but no one knew what his purpose was ... to
purposely gel ... for foreign his weekend making broadband in tandem ... that
is super hide and with this isn't this durable DH ... his new satellites ...
and things on top of your your up ... House isn't the issue is the isthe in
order to get up and with the very short wavelengths ... the short wave Wang's
... it acts like light not like radio waves ... and so you have to focus and
demon directly and she knew this ... dish to focus ... Mr. moving ... that's a
real problem because just to chill the dash ... and back and planes and boats
and other things that should have dishes while the servo motors the division
moved its attractiveness outlined exactly ... aam of course you couldn't do
this in your cell phone he couldn't do this and I am not on a laptop ... aam
... our aunt and I was Electronic rooster ... also there she ... see what is
flat panel on growth instead of that the of the satellite antenna ... their
indices poignant if on the top of a car ... or on the plane or on the back of
your tablet ... it's just fantastic antenna that will steer and find the love
of the seventy six the year Electronic is terrible it's not actually visit
nothing physically moves so what's moving to the electrons electrons on ...
the ... managerial is ... in theory interest in parcels it isn't sweet
concrete materials and of properties ... that no ordinary material in half ...
and so this mature lacks a little bit like a selective ones ... so ... by
changing an electrically and programming different parts of the antenna on
what we make a picture by preventing differ little transistors ... on a
display stand different pixels ... here if you think about pixels for the
encounter ... it's not exactly true but told it like that ... by the
programming the pattern on the intent ... you make the antenna able to steer
that for the sky or that ... and candid she came to different frequencies new
subjective radios with governments ... okay ... so that I know it is that
that's great that's entrepreneurial to social good your inventing things ...
that there's the other part of your company ... where you just call like pants
... and or bought on I mean you still love the paper the AMR ... to rent the
miner which you ... and then use to people right ... you've seen some people
right ... we have sinned some people get in a worse those that strength will
do ... our bit ... we believe that it's important for there to be a liquid
capital market ... around in a valuable asset ... around ... start-ups that
with the capital markets called venture capital ... for existing businesses a
larger sizes called private equity ... when they become public is called
Nasdaq the heart of ... the stock exchange ... we think there's a lot of value
him people investing in stock ... and then be able to realize that right ...
im so exactly did you the way ... private equity and venture capital
revolutionize their parts of the economy ... we think that this part means
revolution exceeding its a good thing ... every company ... many of which are
innovative companies that customers ... loved the products they may give would
like to see them focused on more innovation or lor prices or some other ...
some other desirable ... qualities and upright ... isn't that good thing that
they're spending all this time and bandwidth suing each other in courts ...
from Sweden to Australia in a Easts taxes to everywhere else ... well overpass
isn't that ... just to mess with you all the way our system works ... is it's
very duplicative ... people compete ... to mobile companies try to compete you
don't say ... well why shouldn't it be one smart phone company by why doesn't
everybody else just go home ... and of course if you're the one ... you might
think that's really had led the producers said that less than ... a little bit
... what they've done a fantastic job to earn the position that there ... and
once they're in that position ... as you said you don't want somebody else but
the name of a pending ... and so the sentence MTN's they go around ... the
patents may includes the incentive begin jeweler Shipley gives you the right
to enforce them ... that is part of how the system works ... you also say ...
why should all of these tech executives get so rich ... and isn't that should
make how all of that money into more R and D ... and not blaming you that I'm
... I usually live in your mind that important ... well ... I see is a
continuum ... he and I I think the idea being ventures should also get rich
... investors should get funding ... this is injured we should have more
inventions ... is good for everybody ... yet but come on this is a mean it's
exploded into an insanity ... Tim Cook ... I mean that's a ... fairly BTG's
company ... and even he was saying it's a pain in the ... it's a huge overhead
... yes we don't want some bills assign a painting but you know ... things
about patent system are broken I believe he said I mean you know whether the
example he cited a double passes to mean broke a Muslim house estimate was
about a system of standards by us ... and how standards body still will pass
... AM I might agree with him that it's broken it's been broken that way for a
long time and ... for reasons that people in it ... actually wanted ... aam
... is now ... I think that a meritocracy is the best way to run ... and
industry ... up for a long time we had a head to head competition the tech
business ... without happens is nobody had any ... OK is in the mid nineties
of Micra soft was saved by Apple ... aam ... they're trying to stop with ads
... I understand from the business and it was ... like why didn't ... the
genius that is why ... they would have been ... even leave by the way ... aam
I we Micra soft time ... these days we now have head to head competition
between companies were some of them to have apps ... so in the same way that
in various points in time people have ... used ... up lots of tricks and
techniques ... a little complaining of a government ... ok when I was a Micra
soft in the late nineties ... people complain that the government and they got
this big any trust and the people who are your partners by the way ... and ...
at that point on most of the March didn't complain the Gov ... and turning
people would've said this is a special one-time thing Micra soft is so big and
we have to go do that ... and it will will keep doing this ... aam Jim
Barksdale once told me that it was a strategy for Sensex losers ... the that
... um ... and ... today the irony is cool is me have a lot of folks on
immobile ... an even greater irony for the company is complaining Micra soft
... write a ... book ... any time there is a strategic tool ... that someone
can use to try to get a hand ... in this fierce clash of the Titans ...
battles that you see him back in the day was that Apple and Micra soft or
Netscape and Microsoft rate you can pick the berries Lotus development and and
Micra soft and ... bright ... United girl doesn't know what I know is how the
audiences is yes weeding what with the Heller then ... I'm ... it ... Villa's
been battles now ... if you look of the new version of those today ... those
battles involve companies impacts ... I didn't read that situation ... ah but
it was clear as day to me this was going to happen ... because that's what
happens in mature and I to get it you have to get a pass ... on this ... a
brave new ... cool broadband channel or get nuclear reactor ... here in the
Markit ... Eve pursuing an candidate secondly presumably you're going to try
to Mana ties both of these things is one where another ice and short in the
marketplace in the normal way we think about my station ... you're going to be
out there even licensing designs somebody were building ... these things
yourself ... not at this time normal capitalism right well it turns out in
those cases we are ... doing spin out companies ... but the nature of an
invention that is such that really allows you to list the company ... is
pretty rare ... there's lots of inventions that are pieced parts they're
useful for the top I ... are anxious but only license those others ... by ...
EU and eighty unless somebody else yes ... it Tim Cook's company ... yes you
probably know there's like ... I think there's an entire website ... and I
mean I mean the understating kit that maybe more than one ... that does
nothing but read that happens filed by Apple ... no this right ... sure um ...
so ... they have a lot of things the pen that I presume are are um ... just
parts relate to say they're just ... connected store you know some component
that they might or might not uses some product the Mets and that what does
that website ... because they're doubling down on secrecy and ... one way that
maybe ... maybe McCain is the look and see what they what they had to ... sell
I get that that they're an active company in the piece this is is and four ...
for my experience which I don't read their website everyday whenever I do look
good ... the pattern seem to be a bad things that are ... reasonably related
to the wind is is there ... you're ... a big part of your companies do
something different ... it's not inventing the part that snout licensing the
park it's not you know Apple were cooler my curse upending submits relevant to
their business ... it is ... buying up these portfolios of that is so
continues to people about them ... that helps ... innovation ... that helps
while ... you know the ... creativity in the world ... well ... if the people
who create don't get paid that's ultimately a problem ... in this case is ...
going to get a ... bow in it there's a high intensity minutes Valuewalk and
they go into business here is a very hard for individual investors project we
individual vendors that have only a piece of the overall solution to get a ...
so ... be it for the same reason private equity is valuable because as owners
of businesses or what happened to be debated that that question while I'm on
the site is saying a broadly upright equity isn't that right ... and ... I
that's my feeling you know it ... will be to get marry up here did you give
Ascena statistics on ... the on the in the case of pounds there are lots of
people who own inventions ... there are very well positioned to take them in
the next step for the next step is usually for us mostly we license apps will
mostly see a people ... if people start to ... tell you why never can pay you
... then the people who paid you in a friendly deal so when I'm at my school
doesn't hate you ... and the fact is ... that ... if you don't enforce your
rights no one is going for some forty to why these just Yemeni forgive me but
it sounds like ... you know some of Horatio Alger been saying that ... this is
some lone wolf ... person in her basement and cheese and been in some cool
thing but she has no company around or ... just known resources ... NDAQ said
the tube EyePet portfolios from all range of ... types of people ... really
are most of them ... want from ... people with no means to defend themselves
or Monti's their invention or most of them bought but even a fortune by good
fortune five hundred the fortune five hundred companies don't SLE have the
means to duty that when a look ... at the right of Fortune five hundred Nathan
... ok to how many CIA fall was like R and D ... how many Silicon Valley
companies have a meal research department ... and I'm in it ... well there's a
lot nicer to Micra soft ... unfamiliar with that one ... okay ... let's let's
another one of the scale ... IBM HP ... the Silicon Valley the Silicon Valley
... IBM research these days is a shot of what used to be but it sorta counts
... bag aam ... ok but that was a new one company when you started ... the ...
company was ... a trip to the house but ... that doesn't Kubota poses and cool
have R and D ... they have R and D not harder ... get better returns ...
there's a difference between an apple doesn't appear are in your view ... and
it never has had ... a pretty gets ... debate dabbled in it periodically for
sharing your time that we'll research group is very different than saying that
awesome advanced about what ... the hell was a wonderful thing to like about
also Micra soft ... the point is that ... um most CFO has seen the R and D
department is a black hole ... it's the Roach motel for dollars ok the dollars
check in and they don't come back out ... and if you can tell the CFO no
actually I can make some money back on that ... that helps the Financial
attorney model for the next guy to receive a get this straight ... if you're
doing and I am somewhat familiar with R and D department Mike SUP and visited
with them I think you range that in in in the second day in and I've ... seen
them since ... some the things they do become products and other things never
become products or segments of ... breathing components of progress ... so aam
... is what you're saying aam ... that you're helping to Mana ties things that
are really ... things that will become products or ... many people had any
role in the economy which are going to be the only some money on that so the
CIA Posen Somme read it ... mom inventors color outside once ... and so in
ventures in the company free will eat all the great inventions that aren't
core to the business the company ... or the thing of the many corn and a side
dish of the division that ... and those conventions are equally valid ... that
one of those created the company that did the Daiso for The and that might be
just a smart idea might be just as good ... the companies are in a very por
position that the Capline's some ... no ... one approached approach to you
seem to be arguing ... is that ... of when the company is unable to make a
product ... than all of those ideas just go to somebody else ... anyone can
pick them up all the fun out on ally ... ally dinner and then will I do think
you would not be reasonable reform of the patent system to say you know why
... and of course is you know pants go right back to the beginning of our
country so ... it ... you know why ... if you're in the business of making
weighing in on wheels or whatever was people are making him back in those days
that they had minded worse ... some people like Jefferson were a lot more
sophisticated than that ... um ... he may come from rolling office chair of
the most local of been saying for stance in ... you know whatever I think
you've been in Queens if the team that wins it ... becomes Jefferson lecture
... but um ... maybe that's the motto to live there all doubt ... cooling
winds it to finals as too but ... I ... um ... the idea I'm pretty sure I can
be pots hundred percent positive ... financial way you think about is ... this
is to protect people and ... making things that they're actually putting use
in the marketplace no that's false actually ... um most have big ideas of how
the system was to reward the inventor however the idea is he's ... and the
very first paths and stocks it says ... make users sell ... okay it's in any
way you can utilize the idea ... a guide to the notion of the named Andrew
comes of the great idea license that others ... is as old house ... Nicola
Tesla licenses pounds to Westinghouse and the selected ... motorists are keen
to be ... Thomas Edison license most of his past other companies ... most of
the vendors most ... licensor path out to other people so ... he took the ITT
to the notion ... that you have to actually be the manufacturer ... we're
telling didn't work or your with one well all I even his contract for a ...
now that was in the thousands to the specialist Tim Clark ... Martin
manufacture anything and why are these two ... fine but ... I think they just
as valid the company now as they did and of course there are valid ... will
know why is it valid for somebody else to come up with a ninety or someone
else makes implies that a bad thing ... it is in the what the the that is the
devil ... and all round to go around in this giant team where judges who are
qualified to figure this out were actually pack examiners who very often are
qualified to figure this out ... are deeply involved ... in all of the digital
revolution that goes round ... around this new law on arrival it's also wrong
... for some reason take stuff that isn't there it's ... it's wrong to be able
to sign their name the painting they didn't die ... and the millions of
dollars doing it ... and that happens all the BBC Persian Chile is in serious
trouble with this rats nest of lawsuits is going on right now of course
there's problems the rafters while losses but ... the part and parcel were to
order the prompts ... the prom is this the industry's growing up ... in mature
industries ... people actually respect patents and has lots of innovative
mature industries for patterns are the bedrock of innovation ... the biotech
and say how much my tech innovation within the answer was no patents ... the
biotech people tell you zero ... also taken by the way will never make up half
our product ... the little biotech company doesn't have the resources to get
the approval and manufacture and market the doctors ... don't do a deal that
big Pharma company right ... so that ... the incentive the patents provide is
essential in more mature industries ... in this particular industry in a small
narrow part of cash ... people fought for a while he were different when the
normal rules don't apply to us ... and we write all ten of smartphones in
London and although the software industry to ... me it in the early days the
softer industry ... people scare told me about copyright says that's coming of
age ... in India about the PTSs ... to copy each other will legally ...
another way to the pride and a half pounds ... of each others that didn't
matter that much ... people started filing pounds ... a desexed I could've
predicted ... not exactly was going to be there ... to look to the rates of
which companies were filing cabinets ... you say hey these guys are thinking
it's gonna be serious ... in the start of the six doco and very few pounds ...
they bought some from overturned from a few few other places ... as part of
acquisitions but if you look at Yahoo's filing rate them ... it was very high
he would take him seriously as were a pile of other companies ... now ... so
that the will of venture capital community is they will continue to make ...
great companies was huge market caps and no pacts ... the other thing is is a
global world ... in all that David grieved was mentioned earlier war on Baidu
our chance an eye on that they they wanna come here in United States ...
people start using patterns keep away ... or bills don't try to bypass so they
can enter ... OK unity it's a fact of life the patents are part of the ...
competitive landscape how would you change defenses ... well you know um ...
just George's there isn't just barely higher and I'm ... there is a huge
process demand system was changed ... there is a giant of candle called dinner
and dance act ... he was maybe seven years in the lobbying process ... it was
kind of the ... dog's breakfast of good things and bad things an OK things
irrelevant things ... as is every deal of that size in Washington it's a crazy
process by which that goes for my ... but ... most observers of the patent
system would say is that it was indeed as good compromises could be achieved
... some people call for change in the patent system yet classes will actually
begin just change it ... and probably is ten years before changes again ...
with one exception which is the lawful was changes when there are new court
case ... one of the funny things of the narrative as apt is that when ... you
look to the goals of people had only started seven years ago there's a whole
list of issues ... most of those issues were dealt with ... in a reasonable
way some some not ... by court decisions ... in between ... and that's the way
are widely balls is one court received at the time it creates precedent ...
aam and it's a it's broken ... they almost always have an axe to grind ... aam
you never see someone giving a great presentation like Mary Meeker guys ...
Zynga's quantitative reasons wanting to look into quantitative reasons you
know ... the site has a sms growth at all ... so ... one last question then
will have some from the audience ... um ... if ... you were the head of fewer
Tim Cook ... yet this job ... I wouldn't be as good as he is ... oh and did it
... and I ... were to have the job of reading Samsung ... when we do ...
continue slowing in Davenport ... the jewel in the marketplace deal with it so
what would you do it you suck trust listings years there's a funny dynamic
this going on here which is historically ... the bulk of the money and cell
phones an anemic carriers ... not handset that's right ... they come on ties
the hands and eyes and fiddling United States control them ... down to read
ridiculous level I agree ... so ... the miracle the Steve Jobs TN ... in my
view is just the phone looking beautiful ... he was coming out of the new
business model ... business model led to this court follows me so cool ... I
bet that while ... they do not mess with me ... number one carrier ... to meet
a bunch of money to me ... for a number three I manage it on the app store and
an iTunes ... right ... so he is a fundamentally different business model ...
beyond the PC ... Apple had the position ... not everyone would agree ... you
would know that it was high and any better and cooler ... but RIM veteran
Colin and five percent market share market share was such a powerful thing
right that was a very tough business to the Apple PC world ... in this I
totally agree in this business because they're so special and different than
the broken the business model ... they have fantastic businesses on the big
business achievements of the twenty first century ... so far anyway is that
that that Steve Jobs broken business model that as a result ... when the
season and right coming and it's not just a case of ... well heeled by OS
versus those that were so your ... body and write in a given away free because
they've got a monopoly on other business to subsidize it ... um ... but you
get it winds up undercutting the special ones ... and so ... they're an
interesting position ... that they don't wanna be the R and D lab ... for
people to get away for free ... I believe he said that way and they don't want
to de value that specialize ... in ... in order to hang on to feel that there
was a discussion earlier today about having become a trillion dollar company
... and while the citizens phrasing you need a moat around the castle because
people want to get your treasure ... is it renders a trillion dollars ... a
lot of people wanting come across the globe ... and that now has many
compliments gets caught ... the trademarks in Scott customer ... and brand
loyalty ... it's got all kinds of other things but one of those things in them
I was patents ... and so ... a ... what Tim Cook and others are trying to do
is he's trying to protect his very valuable Castle ... if I was Samsung
Samsung ... Macy's fantastic products also ... and suddenly the guy who makes
domestic product to ... offer more harder perspective is the bottom of the
food chain ... people still Eamonn features in the softer they you got for
free the meeting even rifle found out ... aam ... it and ... they are come on
ties by the carriers and everybody else so I was Samsung I would say this to
help with the clout the job said and if I was Samsung I would say how can I
get that out ... I can't ... really that's what this is about know how this
are one of the battles ... because it's really hard to compete with Apple on
just ... sheer coolness ... India's you'll hear how women use some of the
features of a pioneer ... and as you know Apple was the company didn't took
lots of risks for lots of years ... I like to talk about with them ... his
name ... J P young and in baseball if you're a great baseball player you have
like three fifteen batting and back to the sky is four hundred than using its
sixty percent of the time the ... pumpkin is wrong with this ... the way
baseball works to solicit for some of the time and a well well invention is
like that only ... my God the number of Mrs easy Mormons ... you can use a lot
... so of course you get credit for a product like ... I phone that to him I
don't get credit for trying crazy that doesn't mean a word ... y'know ...
we're looking TV land deal was a bunch of parts some of which actually ... did
work but ... the whole ... the whole don't think they'll it was too early ...
but you know you the way they handled the detail underneath was quite
interesting actually ... and it was an innovative attempt at trying to get the
same kind of a market ... action area where there were an ... era when there
were carriers and a mobile wasn't really part of the ... T Mobile in the
consensus always be connected via mobile data wasn't really part of the
equation ... so ... is ... it possible for people in the end of it like that
said look I needed to pay ... it happens that they're using pounds or one of
the techniques that people use and ... but ... they're also using all kinds of
other techniques ... aam ... the use any trust ... in both ways he is
entrusted and asked him talk about the price fixing free books ... aam ... I
think it's ... there's all very dynamic environment where people been trying
all kinds of stuff to see what works ... and how to one of the things that
could mean part of the most they can use it ... and ... is it wasteful it is
wasteful as Annie head to head competition ... but guess what can be had
competition where ... we've got to know that there's a difference It's not
competition in the market ... it's not ... Apple and Samsung say never again
this room ... my prices that might tablets better my phone is better or
cheaper or get some other ... quality that will make you want to buy this that
the of the desert has more apps or whatever does ... it's going into the
quarter some administrative biting having some ... by the sitting above the
market to remain in many cases actually not understand ... even with ...
normal average people on the Street understand about say a phone ... because
they have lifetime appointments in their time in a bubble in their their
judges and courts ... and saying you you sort this out ... well ... I misled
this guy getting your gonna help me do it ... only because one guy ... copied
the other guy ... as if they did well in a way not happy that if they didn't
them to lose an argument that I'll get ... damages for ... malicious from
because courts are always perfect in the rulings Maldonado was perfect but
gets ... up our system of using courts and will last ... is terrible except
that it's best when the world ... of is is like what that might just be
somebody else ... Mark Twain ... media ... yes not buying knowledge and I ...
and our isn't around or Samuel Clemens isn't around to the complaint ... OK
thank you need some ... questions ... Cameron and arguing really cool blog and
its partners ... we all know it the ideas come a dime a dozen ... these days
it's huge and integration ... and coming out with the compelling product the
tree as a value and benefits to society ... taking your misusing the whole
idea of the pattern ... the idea of the patents were ... to go and described
the process so perfectly so we could be replicated and the recreate it than
the norm is the sheer ... it was not ... the ... stock had a meet the group of
people that would stifle innovation and not allow that to will for or ... well
... I'm glad that you don't think there's any greedy people in the room so
let's stipulate that first ... aam ... the up well if you were in a developing
country and you were suffering and dying ... in Africa up because I like to
write company was sending you something of the few thousand dollars for a
cause a Morte a few pennies because of ... the state that the half these
patterns than they would not licensing to any other ... after our company
nobody to the boat that ... that would be agreed that hurts ... no match for
someone like company probably does more invention for people in developing
world than ... anybody in this room and maybe anybody anywhere ... we have a
whole you know I was a kid different well well let me answer that many of the
Holy land called Global but ... that focuses on taking our best and vendors
from across all of our other areas ... in using them to invent new solutions
... for people all over the world ... when a vaccine container that will hold
vaccine ... the calls keep it cold in places like Africa where there is there
some of the power grid ... a lot to hold it for months with no power
whatsoever ... we have an in law Larry diagnostic tool we have the best ... a
disease prediction software in the world I admire all of that but that the
zodiac knew what they say is ... going and developing something today's accuse
him ... at ... these people but going and buying go for portfolio happens to
siphon and wish them make money off of that this company the difference so
into the mix apples and oranges ... Apple's in something ... um ... Apple's
membranes ... you know the ... US ... I just finally and in respect of the new
deal ... ok I think that in fact ... capitalism by and large works ... I've
been that happens or an asset like any other asset ... I don't think it's any
worse to make money by investing in Pakistan by investing in preferred stock
as a venture capitalist ... we supply capital to investors ... we supplied
billions of dollars of capital to investors and stimulated invention a
positive way ... and no it's not correct ... I don't agree that the patent
system is only to be in to do the narrow view that's a revisionist view of it
... is ... he is in fact the first open source system ... the very first album
for a system ever anyone ever came up what was the idea of a limited term of
taps ... exactly Axes use I ... describe ... something enough detail that
everyone can use it ... bought ... the quid pro quo I'll ... is it you get
twenty years roughly ... through which you have the unique economic value ...
Gemini has learned integration is changing in the week you base update to the
effect it's really have had to move on and ... but ... the good die on ...
this ... that omission ski with fortune magazine of ... sch fire few he Nathan
quickly ... aam ... could you explain the capitalization of your company how
much money you've used to capitalize it to the investors are besides you what
your financial return has been so far and then lastly ... these are harder
wall can help you can help you remember where they work ... and lastly ...
which would you assess the animosity that this audience has for years for your
endeavors including ... the questions you know that the NYSE the wall ahead in
these questions for you these these people do not think you were engaged in
truth and justice ... well ... when there was the last four ... but please
know you have the first ones ... when the details of the first ones to broadly
speaking what we have raised about five billion dollars ... from a set of
investors that include large technology companies ... and ... a whole set of
fat university endowments foundations ... of pension funds very much like a
venture capital firm lead ... and where private firm we don't release other
financial information ... aam ... and to one question to to go through all of
it if you wanna follow up with the later Alt A answer when a candidate will be
all of it ... aam ... the latter part ... it was very funny that ... by ...
Gary is an attitude in Silicon Valley ... that some kinds of meritocracy
deserve to be rewarded ... I was a Micra soft there was a senior engineer who
... was with me and ... meeting where someone is asking for slot among the
impact ... and after the ball left the Texas to relieve those people they want
... wielded dollars CNX millions cover for just one idea ... I said ... what
... what we paid you for your ideals ... who is more ... was more millions of
dollars ... and ... then ... there's a Sanaa Rio in which you say OK that
we're entitled to that kind of pay for performance ... but ... other people
aren't ... because they made the margin my company were one of the winners ...
I don't agree with that I think that that that attitude was that that they
were the winners that they were actively engaged the industry ... what are the
words there's lots of people are acting in one scene of the deed was a
competitor a partner Mike SUP was actively app they're ... putting their dear
dear themselves and their money at risk to ... compete Absa like Samsung does
like Gap absolutely loves the case that they fall on hard times ... okay that
they had been as many companies are the debt to enter into early ... Apple but
surely on the window they recovered is another business ... is in a start-up
with him in general magic General Magic a fantastic start-up bag aam and ... a
lot of people from the regional map team were there be invented tons of
interesting stuff ... up we ultimately my company bought the house ...
absolutely the word out there ... but they they didn't succeed that does that
mean that their investors should get stiff and other people make billions on
the thing I didn't let him ... I think it's a sense of entitlement ... and
it's also a sales ... ban ... of killing strategy of reducing earlier they're
playing blurbs from previous teams Franken is a blur he played ... of me pray
said if people don't find what you you you doing threatening ... then it's
probably not very important ... I can't ... people who feel threatened by
Facebook they feel threatened by lots of brand new changing these mini
nimbleness rule not so much by Facebook if you look the broader tech putting
your business of newspapers ... they feel threatened in any yes ... and it was
nice and I have to say ... that ... Beyonce so what were also in it and many
... other parts ironic about the question that I animosity ... is of course
... this is the leader when all the moving as the most important companies in
Silicon Valley ... are doing exactly what I do ... ok ... this is the year in
which Apple and Micra soft and Google and Facebook and a pile of other
companies all block huge patent portfolios ... to further their strategic
gains ... some of them did it together and ... some of it did together
cemented it individually ... of but ... the exactly what I'm doing ... so ...
I have to say to me that that the way in which ... the deal is fine if you
wanna have animosity towards anyone you didn't already had I never was a
popular kid in class I was ... young I ... had not been a popular kid in this
class ... aam ... he writes cookbooks I want popularity I go to a ship's
convention ... I got a lot to James beard Awards two weeks ago damage ... the
... things are important are always popular first ... okay it's as if I do
think what I'm doing is Mimi really dilutive for innovation in the long run
... I can absolutely make the argument ... but obviously not ever be ... I did
... I know ... well ... Tim Cook was so great was last night read the yen is
fantastically philosophical way in singlets and wonderfulness country where
people can disagree with you ... so ... he set a better than I can ... we're
here to ... I need them and did the draw I appreciate you being here and
subjecting yourself to this false conversation ... except in your premise is
that what you're doing is doing good in creating a liquid market ... I'm
curious why a Intellectual Ventures seems to ... use of shell companies and
... affiliates and such to enforce the patterns that it owns I'm thinking of
companies like lots this ... read read them and do it in its own names of
people can see how in the open what you did well going ... back to us this is
a common EU we sold it to ... aam ... that ye sow losses isn't an affiliate
... we do hold the patterns in it in a variety of different entities ...
that's common in the industry ... aam ... Apple Intel IBM Micra soft ... all
do that at one stage or another ... and there's some ... this unreasonable
business reasons for doing now ... aam ... we do this to people directly ...
so I'm not ashamed of suing people ... we seen people when it makes sense ...
for our business because ... their intransigent in a number for a long time
for many years he didn't see people ... and weak like to call ... likely
billions of dollars in rail the season deals that didn't involve them in
lawsuits ... eventually it to a point where people say out there When says
they'll never sue ... as such concerns saying that ... you have to prove them
wrong on the Nielsen pay anymore ... if that's the case when transparency in
your favor ... well ... transparency is in our favor and we are transparent
about the lawsuits that we file ... one file a lawsuit ... aam ... it ... all
happened ... all kinds of all the documents ... every penny of every than
anybody has is out there and ... you can ... sort this is really cool patterns
doesn't really good job as other people that do the job of ... sifting and
sorting through it ... all out there for everyone to see ... write it affected
going social ventures I'm not can it get the full picture ... that's right ...
it's not not is not a financial interest in his investors to do that to mean
target for him and the ... light is true because there are there some
important proprietary reasons for that ... okay we have to wrap up we're going
to only be with you one more question I'm sorry can ... aam Tamsin conceals
Opus lives on ... we launched a T3 and frankly were still around to the
strength or innovation in the past has fallen so I'm one of the company's
small companies that believes in towns are important ... um but you acquire
patents on and that's a key part of ... what you do ... can you talk a little
bit about how you go about valuing the patents ... since obviously the reason
... for stock market for patterns ... you assess how you value patents to
purchase it it's really hard because you have to understand a bunch of things
one is worth ... it ... where is um are having a well written patents ... are
they that are due to develop patterns with their firearms other things like
that ... but mostly isn't getting an important area for the industry ... yet
if you buy patterns from a company that has gone belly up ... aam made in the
markets Artie the and ... and and that's never coming back ... or ... maybe
it's come a comeback I didn't mean really huge ... so we try to make our best
guess is it's no different than making any investment decision ... except ...
you don't have any of them are all information you have to to to do an
investment so you can analyze financials ... and you don't really know what
the future is ... and it's really long-term ... so it's it's rough justice but
we try to do the job of it ... OK ... thank you thank you so much ... the ...
Up Next Editor Picks 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019
2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News for President Trump? 1/4/2019 2:23
The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 3:35 China Makes
Historic Moon Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 More → Editor Picks
1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of the House of Representatives 1/3/2019
The new Democratic-controlled House elected Nancy Pelosi as speaker of the
House on Thursday amid a battle with President Trump over border-wall funding.
Photo: Getty 2:56 Businesses Prepare for Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019
6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New Year Address? 1/3/2019
5:30AM 1:43 Trump Sticks to Border Wall Demands as Shutdown Continues 1/2/2019
6:03PM 24:45 Safe Haven: One Family's Journey After Hurricane Florence
12/31/2018 3:24PM More → More → Moving Upstream 9:56 Electric Scooters:
Israel’s Two-Wheeled Solution to Traffic and Sabbath 12/20/2018 Electric-
scooter rental companies are hitting speed bumps in the U.S. over safety and
other concerns. But in Tel Aviv, one in 10 residents has rented a Bird
e-scooter, and the city appears to be embracing them. WSJ’s Jason Bellini
takes a look at the challenges and potential lessons of the e-scooter craze.
0:54 Tasting the World’s First Test-Tube Steak 12/11/2018 5:30AM 9:58 High
Insulin Prices Drive Diabetics to Take Extreme Measures 12/3/2018 5:30AM 9:57
Facial Recognition Tech Aims to Identify Good and Evil 11/19/2018 5:30AM 9:54
The Future of Flight: AI in the Cockpit 11/12/2018 5:30AM More → Recommended
for you 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News For President Trump?
1/4/2019 The government released a blockbuster jobs report despite a trade war
with China and a partial government shutdown. WSJ's Gerald F. Seib explains
what this report means for President Trump. Photo: Getty 2:23 The Main Reasons
for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 8:53PM 1:42 Holtz-Eakin: The Fed Has
Not Overdone It 1/4/2019 10:00PM 1:41 The Opposite Sides of the Shutdown Talks
1/4/2019 5:49PM 3:35 China Makes Historic Moon Landing, Boosting Rivalry With
U.S. 1/3/2019 9:08AM 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019
11:52AM 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of the House of Representatives
1/3/2019 4:40PM 2:56 Businesses Prepare for Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit
1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New Year Address?
1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:04 Trump Slams Mattis Over Afghanistan 1/2/2019 5:07PM 4:43
Didn't Get the Job? The Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity
12/30/2018 7:00AM More → Featured Content 11:59 Violence Made Her Flee. Now
She’s at the Border 12/28/2018 Fleeing violence from her hometown in Honduras,
Gabriela Rodriguez traveled thousands of miles with her daughter to the Mexico
- U.S. border in Tijuana. The Wall Street Journal followed her as she weighed
her options to cross into the U.S., hoping to leave behind her past.
Photo/Video: Jake Nicol/WSJ 6:30 The Struggle to Keep a Son's Promise
12/31/2018 7:00AM 9:35 What Trump Did to Silence Stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal 11/9/2018 12:33PM 8:53 How Scammers in China Manipulate Amazon
12/17/2018 5:55AM 9:18 Chefs Speak Out on Mental Health in the Restaurant
Industry 11/12/2018 12:28PM More → More → Tech 4:43 Didn't Get the Job? The
Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018 DeepSense,
based in San Francisco and New Delhi, uses artificial intelligence to assess
job candidates’ personalities based on their social media accounts. WSJ’s
Jason Bellini tested the tool. 9:39 Cold Pursuits: A Scientist's Quest to
Uncover Antarctica's Secrets 12/29/2018 12:00PM 3:26 Facial Recognition Spurs
Privacy Concerns, Even Among Its Creators 12/24/2018 10:59AM 2:40 Easy
Upgrades for Your Family's TV 12/23/2018 8:30AM 4:59 Where Amazon Reviews
Really Come From 12/20/2018 8:50AM More → More → Life & Culture 2:21 The
Secret to World Famous Carrot Cake (Hint: Jail) 12/25/2018 This Christmas at
the Rikers Island jail complex, inmates and the staff are looking forward to a
special treat from the jails’ bakery. We went inside. Photo: Natalia V.
Osipova/The Wall Street Journal 4:21 Three Boys Explain Why They Play Fortnite
Every Chance They Get 12/21/2018 8:00AM 4:03 Your Home Needs a Robot Vacuum
12/16/2018 8:30AM 3:43 Lab-Grown Meat Prompts Rabbis to Consider the
Impossible: Kosher Bacon 12/14/2018 3:36PM 4:32 'Beam Me Up, Scotty:' A 'Star
Trek' Home in Silicon Valley 12/6/2018 10:00AM More → More → Sponsored 1:30
Sponsored How Worldly Experiences Can Shape One's Success 1/24/2018 1:00
Sponsored Golf's Data Revolution 9/9/2016 2:16PM 27:34 Sponsored Creating the
Future Workforce 1/17/2017 3:39PM 2:21 Sponsored Am I Doing What I Love?
9/22/2016 11:59PM More → More → Marketwatch, Moneyish and Barron's 2:30 How
automated digital payroll will change the way employees get paid 1/3/2019
Here's how the 'consumerization' of payroll could affect when and how you
receive your paycheck. 3:56 When a couple with opposite attitudes about money
buys a house 1/3/2019 7:00AM 3:18 AI could transform the world. Here's what's
holding it back 1/2/2019 7:03AM 1:06 A personality test expert assesses
Hillary Clinton and Warren Buffett 1/2/2019 7:00AM 3:09 Why the banking
industry will spend $100bn in cloud services by 2019 12/28/2018 7:10AM More →
The Wall Street Journal Digital Network WSJ.com WSJ Video MarketWatch.com
Barrons.com BigCharts.com Virtual Stock Exchange About About Content
Partnerships Advertising Advertise Locally Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data
Policy Your Ad Choices Copyright Policy Tools Tablet Edition Podcasts RSS
Feeds WSJ on Twitter WSJ on Facebook Help Help Customer Service Contact Us
Global Support WSJ Podcasts ViewWSJ Videoon WSJ Video Home Topics Browse
Videos Programs Events Content from Sponsors View WSJ Video On