WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Fresh Off Rebranding Effort, Hightail Lands
$34 Million in New Funding November 19, 2013 at 8:45 am PT Tweet Share Print
It has been just three months since the once email-centric file-sharing
service YouSendIt changed its name to Hightail, but it sure feels like longer.
When I spoke with him yesterday, CEO Brad Garlinghouse felt the same way. It
has just been that kind of year for the company. A new mission brought with it
a new name that’s intended to better reflect everything the company can do.
And now there are new investors, too. Hightail said Tuesday it has raised a
$34 million Series E led by Western Digital Capital, the investment arm of
Western Digital, the hard drive manufacturer. Accolade Partners is also a new
investor. Previous investors Alloy Ventures, Sevin Rosen, Emergence Capital,
Adams Street Partners and Sigma Partners also participated. It’s the first new
funding for Hightail since 2010, when it raised $15 million in a D round, and
it brings its total capital raised to nearly $83 million. During most of that
time, the company hasn’t been hurting for money, running on cash from its
operations. So how has business been since the name change? “Candidly, we were
very apprehensive about the change. But within a month we saw traffic and
activity up,” Garlinghouse told AllThingsD. One reason for the new funding is
expansion in international markets. Hightail recently opened offices in London
and in Australia, and has been working furiously to localize its service for
markets in Europe. In just the last month it has completed new versions in
German, Spanish and Italian. Hightail has also been quietly acquisitive. In
September it acquired adeptCloud, a file-sharing and collaboration outfit that
focuses on privacy. “They do some very clever things around key management and
document control and watermarking,” Garlinghouse said. “There’s a lot more
interest in privacy now. It’s the Edward Snowden effect.” That’s on top of
Found, a cloud-searching service Hightail acquired in January. In its previous
incarnation, YouSendIt, Hightail had built up a trusted brand name. It boasted
a user base of 43 million people — free and paid combined — using its service
in 193 countries and pretty much all of the Fortune 500. File sharing is a
tough space in which to compete. DropBox, Box and Microsoft’s SkyDrive are all
fighting for the same enterprise users that Hightail is going after. But
Garlinghouse’s hope is that Hightail’s historic relationship with a lot of
those same corporate users will turn out to be an advantage. There’s also more
to it than storage. Garlinghouse is hoping that large companies will pay for
enhanced services like access control, extra security and activity logs.
“Anyone can offer file storage in the cloud,” he said. “Our way of
differentiating is what you can do with those files after you’ve uploaded them
in the cloud.” Tagged with: Accolade Partners, Adams Street Partners, Alloy
Ventures, box, Brad Garlinghouse, cloud computing, cloud storage,
collaboration, Dropbox, Emergence Capital, file sharing, funding, Hightail,
Microsoft, Sevin Rosen, Sigma Partners, SkyDrive, venture capital, Western
Digital, Western Digital Capital Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version