WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Sphere Leader Has Exited AOL–But Staying on as
"Special" Venture Advisor November 4, 2009 at 9:30 am PT Tweet Share Print
Tony Conrad, CEO and co-founder of Sphere–the contextually relevant content
engine AOL bought in the spring of 2008 for upward of $25 million–left the
Time Warner (TWX) online unit last month, several sources have told BoomTown
in recent weeks. But, in an effort by AOL’s CEO Tim Armstrong to hold onto
entrepreneurial talent, Conrad (pictured above) has agreed to become “Special
Advisor” to its AOL Ventures Unit, headed by Jon Brod. Conrad, who also works
as a partner at San Francisco venture firm True Ventures, is also apparently
looking to launch a new start-up. These many moves have now been confirmed by
a blog post–obtained by BoomTown–set to be published by Conrad at Sphere,
which has recently changed its name to Surphace (a goofy moniker that still
makes me weep, and not for joy). Titled, “Next,” the post will also be
appearing on the True Ventures site. In it, Conrad outlined the changes and
also gave big thanks all around. You can read the whole thing below. In the
post, Conrad noted that “I also find myself with a burning need to start
another company…[and] I’ve decided that I need to move on from Sphere to
figure it out.” Sphere was founded in 2005 and raised about $4.25 million from
many investors, some of which included Radar Partners, Trident Capital and
well-known Web players Scott Kurnit and Will Hearst. Conrad, who was involved
with Webmail and RSS aggregator Oddpost (acquired by Yahoo in 2004), is also
on the board of Automattic/WordPress, the blog publishing system this site
uses. This kind of history gives him a lot of Silicon Valley cred to help AOL,
which also recently hired former Yahoo (YHOO) exec Brad Garlinghouse to run
its communications arm and be its “CEO of Silicon Valley.” Both will be
working with Brod, who came to AOL via its acquisition of hyperlocal community
news start-up Patch Media. Brod has previously worked closely with Armstrong,
who was a major Patch investor. All these players will have their hands full
trying to push AOL’s reputation among entrepreneurs, which is–how can I put it
delicately?–pretty nonexistent. But boosting innovation will be key to success
as AOL prepares to spin off from Time Warner later in the year. And that was
not exactly helped by its recently released slate of board picks, who are a
little light on fast-paced, Web 2.0 entrepreneurial skills. So, keeping
someone like Conrad in the AOL tent is a good move, especially since several
similar execs at start-ups bought by the online giant have left. They include
Michael Jones of Userplane, who is now COO of News Corp. (NWS) social
networking unit MySpace, as well as many others. Here is a video interview I
did with Conrad in mid-2007 (which also includes a visit with GigaOm’s Om
Malik): And here is Conrad’s blog post: Next It’s been almost five years since
Martin Remy, Steve Neiker, Toni Schneider and I started working on Sphere. For
me, it’s around 10% of a life. And it’s a time when I find myself thinking a
lot about a particular question: What do I want to do next? In 2005, I had the
good fortune of being on the founding team of Sphere and joining True Ventures
simultaneously. I always thought that I’d eventually focus all of my attention
on one or the other, but both were too much fun and I guess I’m selfish in
that way. As time passed, I went deeper into each role and I never got around
to choosing one or the other. It worked out nicely. True is on its second fund
and Sphere had a successful sale to AOL in 2008. Most importantly, Sphere’s
business and team are both thriving within AOL. While I’m proud of my
contributions to both, the heroes in this equation are Martin, Steve, Toni,
Shea DiDonna, Braughm Ricke, Om Malik, Puneet Agarwal, John Burke, Phil Black,
Jon Callaghan, Marty Moe, Bill Wilson and AOL–they trusted and empowered me to
pursue both. I am extremely grateful. As I’ve thought through the question of
what’s next, I’ve realized that I love the complementary perspectives acquired
from building a company as an entrepreneur and investor. They are symbiotic
roles and it’s really hard to say which has influenced me more. While my role
at True as a Venture Partner will continue to deepen (because there is nothing
more rewarding than working with people you admire and trust), I also find
myself with a burning need to start another company. I’ve discovered my
formula and doing both makes me happiest. As for my next company, I’m not sure
what the answer to that question is, but I’ve decided that I need to move on
from Sphere (now Surphace) to figure it out. This may feel like old news as
I’ve been working to make myself obsolete as Josh Guttman transitioned into
the CEO role. My decision is easy as I know that Surphace is in excellent
hands. I wouldn’t feel comfortable leaving if I didn’t believe that Josh was
the right leader for the business today. He’s a natural leader and has a
strategy for the future that I believe is going to accelerate growth for
Surphace and AOL. I couldn’t be more pleased for Josh and excited for the
Surphace team. As for my thoughts about Surphace and AOL’s future, I’m more
optimistic than ever. We joined AOL at an opportune time. AOL is doing what
great, sustainable businesses do every so often – they’re reinventing
themselves. As the business model of the oldest and one of the biggest
Internet businesses evolves, Sphere/Surphace has become an important piece of
their strategy to reach across and engage the web. In the past year, we’ve had
an insiders’ view into how AOL’s new leadership team has moved aggressively to
engage their audience (new vertical focused websites; a focus on engagement
and not page-views for page-views sake; hiring leading journalistic talent
when others downsized; acquisitions in the local content space; shorter
development cycles with an emphasis on release, iterate and release). There is
nothing like winning and the AOL publishing business is winning. As a result,
I’m pleased to also announce that I’ve agreed to serve as a Special Advisor to
AOL Ventures as they reinvent themselves. I am thrilled at this opportunity to
evolve my relationship. I want to give a huge thanks to the people who’ve made
the last few years what they were: my family tops the list, an entrepreneur is
only as good as their support system and this is my secret sauce. My co-
founders, Martin and Steve, who trusted me to play a role in helping them get
the tech they invented the exposure it deserved. Toni and Phil who taught me
about generosity at a moment when I was able to learn. Matt Mullenweg who
opened up my thinking of how a start-up operates. Marty and Bill who have been
consistently supportive since Day One–I can’t underscore enough how much I
appreciate the manner in which they’ve empowered us to thrive in an
appropriately independent environment. They have treated me (and the Sphere
team) with enormous respect for which I am both thankful and flattered. The
original Sphere team, the current Surphace team who have embraced AOL. Our
investors and advisors who supported and helped shape our vision. The True
team and entrepreneurs who have taught me about sacrifice, vision, execution
and the value of pursuing your dreams–and, of course, Lewis Dvorkin, Kevin
Lockland and Bill who paid us the nicest compliment of all in offering to
acquire our company and then doing so. It’s been a thrilling, at times
difficult, always rewarding and lucky ride I’ve been on. Thanks to all. Tagged
with: AOL, AOL Ventures, arrivals departures feature, Automattic, blog, board,
BoomTown, Brad Garlinghouse, California, community, content, digital,
entrepreneur, GigaOM, hyperlocal, Industry Moves, innovation, Internet,
interview, Jon Brod, Kara Swisher, Michael Jones, Myspace, News Corp.,
Oddpost, Om Malik, Patch Media, post, publishing, Radar Partners, San
Francisco, Scott Kurnit, Silicon Valley, Sphere, start-ups, Surphace, Tim
Armstrong, Time Warner, Tony Conrad, Trident Capital, True Ventures,
Userplane, VC, venture, video, Web 2.0, Will Hearst, WordPress, Yahoo You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version