WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Update: As Microsoft Restructuring Nears, Top
Execs Fret Over Their Fate June 23, 2013 at 10:40 am PT Tweet Share Print
According to sources close to the situation, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is
likely to unveil his plans to restructure the tech giant to a larger group of
senior execs around the beginning of July. That prospect has many top managers
at the company worried, since Ballmer has been making these significant plans
with limited consultation with the wider leadership group at the software
giant. Instead, he has been working with only a small group of his direct
reports and also some Microsoft board members, numerous sources said. That has
meant that most senior execs have largely been left out of the decision-making
process related to Ballmer’s goal of solidifying Microsoft into the “devices
and services company,” that he wrote about in his annual shareholder letter
last October. The impending changes — and the lack of information about them —
has made for some level of discomfort inside Microsoft, where many high-
ranking managers have been at the company for a very long time. “It feels like
it is going to be titanic — that Steve is doing this change for his legacy,”
said one person close to the situation. “And it’s the first time in a long
time that it feels like that there will be some major shifts, including some
departures.” That has certainly happened under Ballmer, such as when Windows
chief Steven Sinofsky left the company late last year. There was also a major
reorg in 2008. Other top execs who have departed over the last several years
include: Kevin Johnson, who became CEO of Juniper Networks, after 16 years at
Microsoft; Jeff Raikes, who arrived at Microsoft in 1981 and is now CEO of the
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; and the twin departures of Robbie Bach — who
was at the company for 22 years, until his retirement in 2010 — and 15-year
veteran J Allard, although he remains an advisor to Ballmer. But those were
largely one-offs, and Microsoft has not seen a change like what is expected to
come since some similarly dramatic rejiggerings were done by former CEO and
co-founder Bill Gates during his tenure. That’s why another source said that
the level of worry has grown, since there have been rampant internal rumors
about what will happen, but no real change as yet. “It would be funny if
Ballmer did nothing in the end,” said the source. “But no one thinks that’s
possible now.” A Microsoft spokesman declined to comment. As I had previously
reported, according to several people close to the situation, the new
configuration could include larger roles for several execs, with business
units being moved around into new divisions. But, sources noted, there could
also be some significant departures. Focus internally is especially strong on
Satya Nadella, president of Microsoft’s Servers and Tools division; Tony
Bates, president of its Skype communications unit; and Don Mattrick, president
of its Interactive Entertainment division. In addition, many are wondering how
the job of Qi Lu, president of Microsoft’s Online Services unit, will shift,
as well as that of Terry Myerson, who runs the company’s Windows Phone
division. But it’s unclear how their new and perhaps expanded roles, and those
of others in top management, will shake out. That is, until Ballmer weighs in.
Many expect him to soon begin unveiling his plans internally, just ahead of
the end of Microsoft’s fiscal year. It’s not clear when a public announcement
will be made. One thing seems certain — a simplification of the structure to
clarify its current and decidedly more convoluted set-up. And how Microsoft’s
flagship software product, Windows, fits into the new org, will be the most
interesting part of the puzzle. The possible restructuring comes amid
increasing investor pressure on Microsoft, including a recent run-up in its
stock and a renewed effort by activist shareholders urging that some level of
change take place at Microsoft. The company will be on display to developers
this coming week at Microsoft’s Build conference in San Francisco, where it
will show off a series of initiatives for Windows, Bing and its servers
products, among other things. Tagged with: activist, advisor, Bill & Melinda
Gates Foundation, Bill Gates, Bing, board, build, communications, conference,
configuration, departure, developer, device, division, Don Mattrick,
Interactive Entertainment, internal, investor, J Allard, Jeff Raikes, Juniper
Networks, Kevin Johnson, leadership, letter, management, manager, member,
Microsoft, Online Services, process, product, Qi Lu, reorg, restructuring,
retirement, Robbie Bach, Satya Nadella, server, Servers and Tools, services,
shareholder, Skype, software, Steve Ballmer, Steven Sinofsky, stock, Terry
Myerson, unit, Windows, Windows Phone You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before
AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can
You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From
AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld
Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish
Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December
28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There’s a lot of attention and PR around Marissa, but their product
lineup just kind of blows.— Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the
September issue of Vogue Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version