WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Cellphones Latest Music Phone Is a Creative Gadget
Marred by Big Flaws March 29, 2007 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » Gadget freaks are still buzzing about Apple’s planned iPhone, a
combination smart phone and music player that won’t even be available until
June. Meanwhile, the traditional cellphone makers are continuing to churn out
music phones that can be in the hands of consumers much sooner. The latest,
and most unusual, of these music phones has just been announced by Sprint.
It’s a Samsung model called the UpStage. The UpStage costs just $149, less
than a third of the iPhone’s planned $499 price, and it will go on sale early
next month. Samsung has shown real creativity in solving the problem of
cramming a decent music player and phone into one small gadget. The slim
UpStage has been designed with two distinct faces. On one side, it has a phone
keypad and a small screen, for making voice calls and tapping out text
messages. But if you turn it over, you see a larger screen and navigation
controls, mainly for playing music, but also for other tasks, such as viewing
online data. Sprint’s UpStage music cellphone by Samsung. At the same time,
Sprint is slashing the price of songs sold on its proprietary music service
from an outrageous $2.49 each to just 99 cents. That isn’t quite as cheap as
it seems, because you have to pay $15 a month for the privilege of buying the
99-cent songs. But it’s still a positive step for consumers. I’ve been testing
the UpStage and found that its two-sided design works pretty well. It’s a
better music phone, in my opinion, than Verizon’s Chocolate model, built by
Samsung’s Korean rival, LG. But the UpStage has too many weaknesses and
compromises for me to recommend it. It has lousy battery life, both as a phone
and as a music player, a limitation Sprint and Samsung have tried to offset
with a free add-on that makes the phone too bulky. And it comes with so little
memory that, out of the box, it can hold only around 20 average songs. Adding
more capability costs extra, thus lessening the price advantage. There are
other downsides as well. I tested the UpStage primarily as a music player,
because that’s its claim to fame. I compared it with the base-model iPod Nano,
which also costs $149, although of course it doesn’t include a phone. I did
try out the basic phone stuff, like making calls, all of which seemed OK,
though the screen on the phone side of the device is very small, a sort of
throwback to early cellphones. Sound quality, reception and the keypad all
were fine. The built-in 1.3 megapixel camera is standard for phones these
days. Only one of the phone’s two screens can be used at any one time, and you
have to press a “flip” button on the side to switch. This worked well, but was
kind of a pain when I was trying to use the keypad to type in text, like a Web
password or the name of a new song playlist, on the music side of the phone. I
had to flip to the side with the keypad and then flip back. I loaded in about
20 songs and the UpStage played them back pretty well, displaying all the
correct song information and album art. I also loaded in some photos, which
also displayed fine, though the phone can handle only small picture files. I
purchased a song from Sprint’s music service, and that downloaded and played
well. Walt reviews Samsung’s new MP3-playing cellphone, the UpStage, which is
a third of the price of Apple’s iPhone. But he says it won’t satisfy the bulk
of people looking for a music phone. The only problems were that the album
covers and photos looked grainy, because even the larger screen has pretty low
resolution. And occasionally, the start of a song was clipped. The iPod Nano
exhibits neither of these problems. Out of the box, the UpStage comes with
only a tiny memory card, which can hold only around 20 standard MP3 files. The
iPod Nano can hold 500 of those files. To get the same capacity on the
UpStage, you have to buy a larger, $40 memory card. Though the UpStage is
bigger than the iPod Nano, it has far worse battery life — just 2.5 hours of
talk time for the phone and seven hours of music playback time, compared with
up to 24 hours of music playback time for the Nano. To compensate, Sprint is
throwing in a “battery wallet,” a case with an additional battery built in.
This brings the talk time to 6.3 hours and music playback time to around 17
hours. But it makes the phone twice as thick. There are two other problems
with the UpStage. First, synchronizing its music with songs stored on a PC
requires you to install and use Sprint music software. It doesn’t work with
Windows Media Player or the Windows version of Apple iTunes, which most music
lovers already own. (You also can manually drag and drop songs onto the
phone’s memory card.) Second, the navigation pad on the music side of the
phone can be confusing. It works by touch controls; you have to use just the
right pressure and slide your finger just the right distance along its sides
to get it to work right. It’s too complicated. Samsung and Sprint deserve
credit for a good try with the UpStage. But it doesn’t quite cut it. Email me
at mossberg@wsj.com. See video versions of my reviews at
wsj.com/mossbergvideo. Tagged with Apple, cellphone, iPhone, iPod, iTunes,
Media Player, music, Nano, Samsung, Sprint, UpStage, Verizon Top Products in
Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV
Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03,
2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm
PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by
Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back
to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version