WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Trending Mobile World Congress 2011 36 posts and columns on mwc2011
All Writers Kara Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey CTIA Boss Steve Largent Prepares for the
Wireless Industry’s Super Bowl in Orlando Ina Fried in Mobile on March 18,
2011 at 4:00 am PT The head of the CTIA insists next week’s conference in
Orlando won’t be overshadowed by the fact that so many products were announced
earlier this year, either at the Consumer Electronics Show or last month’s
Mobile World Congress. There will be tablets and phones aplenty, as well as
lots of good discussions. That said, next year the CTIA plans to move its show
later in the year in an effort to give exhibitors a chance to tout their plans
for the second half of the year. Broadcom CEO on Low-cost Android Phones, Free
Tablets and the Promise of Russian Satellites Ina Fried in Mobile on February
17, 2011 at 6:00 am PT In a wide-ranging interview from Mobile World Congress,
Scott McGregor points out all kinds of new opportunities for the
communications chipmaker. One of the big ones is in cellphone chips, where
Broadcom hopes to score big in the low end as rivals like Nvidia and Qualcomm
battle it out for high-end smartphones and tablets. Voices Motorola Executive
Defends Tablet Price Tag Ben Rooney, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in News
on February 16, 2011 at 9:00 pm PT Motorola Mobility chief Sanjay Jha
confirmed that the company’s new Xoom tablet will go on sale in the U.S. at
$800, a higher price tag than current market leader Apple’s iPad. And in what
has been described as the worst kept secret in the tech world, he seemed to
confirm the existence of Google’s much talked about music service. Mobile
World Congress Notebook: Battle of the Behemoth Booths Ina Fried in Mobile on
February 16, 2011 at 11:40 am PT Aiming to capture the flavor of Barcelona,
Mobilized’s Ina Fried reports back on some of the more massive booths at
Mobile World Congress, including a two-story booth devoted to Android and an
entire hall of wares from Sweden’s Ericsson. Sony Ericsson Aims to Play Its
Way Back Into Android Smartphone Lead Ina Fried in Mobile on February 16, 2011
at 9:35 am PT In an interview, Sony Ericsson’s chief technology officer tells
Mobilized how the company aims to capture the lead in the Android market
through quick adoption of new versions and by tapping the technology strengths
of its parent companies. Dissident Nokia Shareholders Give Up on Plan B Effort
(Update: It Was a Hoax All Along) Ina Fried in Mobile on February 16, 2011 at
5:54 am PT Less than two days after calling on investors to mount a revolt
against Nokia CEO Stephen Elop and a planned move to Windows Phone, those
behind the Web posting said they were giving up the effort, and later posted
on Twitter that the whole thing was, in fact, a hoax. Aiming to Power Ever
More Complex Graphics, Nvidia Plans Quad-Core Mobile Chip This Year Ina Fried
in Mobile on February 15, 2011 at 4:00 pm PT Not content to rest on its dual-
core laurels, Nvidia said it will have a chip out later this year that
combines four processing cores and 12-graphics chip cores to power, among
other things, video with far better than HD resolution. Google’s Schmidt: We
Would Have Loved for Nokia to Adopt Android Ina Fried in Mobile on February
15, 2011 at 10:15 am PT Speaking with reporters after his keynote speech in
Barcelona, Google’s chairman said the door for Nokia to create Android phones
remains open, despite its partnership with Microsoft. Schmidt confirmed the
company talked with Nokia, but declined to say just how far those talks had
gone. Google’s Eric Schmidt Shows Off Movie Studio, a Tablet Video-Editing App
Ina Fried in Mobile on February 15, 2011 at 8:58 am PT Speaking at Mobile
World Congress, the Google executive says that contrary to critics, devices
are actually improving human connections. His talk is just getting started.
Click here for live coverage from Mobilized’s Ina Fried. HTC’s One-Button
Facebook Phones Headed to ATT Ina Fried in Mobile on February 15, 2011 at 8:08
am PT Although they may not be the Salsa and Cha Cha models shown off on stage
in Barcelona, AT&T; said it will exclusively have HTC Android-based phones
with a similar one-button access to Facebook. Nokia’s Stephen Elop Responds to
Those Who Oppose His Big Windows Phone Deal Ina Fried in Mobile, February 15,
2011 at 5:37 am PT HTC Shows Off First Tablet, Android Phone With Facebook
Button and More Ina Fried in Mobile, February 15, 2011 at 12:55 am PT Android
App Store GetJar Raises Another $25 Million in Funding Twitter CEO Dick
Costolo Says Company Needs to Unify Its Experience Across Devices Ina Fried in
Mobile, February 14, 2011 at 8:28 am PT Microsoft to Add Multitasking,
Internet Explorer 9 to Windows Phone Later this Year Ina Fried in Mobile,
February 14, 2011 at 7:00 am PT Qualcomm Aims to Heat Up Phone Chip Race with
Dual-Core, Quad-Core Chips Ina Fried in Mobile, February 13, 2011 at 11:00 pm
PT Exclusive: Motorola Mobility to Acquire Ex-Googlers’ Stealthy Android-for-
the-Enterprise Start-Up Ina Fried in Mobile, February 13, 2011 at 10:48 pm PT
Checking In With Foursquare’s Dennis Crowley at Mobile World Congress (Video)
Ina Fried in Mobile, February 13, 2011 at 3:00 pm PT Samsung Does the
Expected, Introduces Galaxy S, Galaxy Tab Sequels (Video) Ina Fried in Mobile,
February 13, 2011 at 1:00 pm PT Sony Ericsson Reveals Game Plan With Xperia
Play Tricia Duryee in Commerce, February 13, 2011 at 11:45 am PT A Newbie’s
Guide to Mobile World Congress, From a Barcelona Newbie Ina Fried in Mobile,
February 13, 2011 at 3:00 am PT Mobilized Hits Barcelona as Mobile World
Congress Kicks Off Ina Fried in Mobile, February 12, 2011 at 11:33 pm PT
Nokia’s Stephen Elop Talks to Mobilized About the Big Microsoft Deal (Video)
Ina Fried in Mobile, February 11, 2011 at 7:23 am PT Nokia’s Microsoft
Partnership: Does the New Strategy Add Up? Ina Fried in Mobile, February 11,
2011 at 4:02 am PT Live From the Nokia-Microsoft Press Conference: It’s a
Windows Phone World After All Ina Fried in Mobile, February 11, 2011 at 2:00
am PT Page 1 of 212Next AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version