WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher What the Combined Yahoo-AOL Might Look Like, as
Talks Drag On–Oops–Heat Up! October 8, 2008 at 12:40 am PT Tweet Share Print
As has been copiously reported here and all over, Yahoo and AOL have been
engaged in never-ending talks about a possible deal to merge their flagging
Internet businesses. Now, sources tell me, the circle of executives at both
companies interfacing with each other has been widened, for purposes of due
diligence. That chit-chatting includes Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang, who has been in
New York several times recently [UPDATE: But not yesterday, in a story I had
previously linked to here]–where AOL parent, Time Warner, is located–to meet
once with its CEO, Jeff Bewkes, and see if they can actually complete the
merger. Now, all this frantic activity does not mean a deal will necessarily
be struck. In fact, in typical Yahoo style, it is going very slowly and that
is never a good thing in dealmaking. But it is this kind of ramped-up blabbery
that has many at both companies predicting–hoping, really–that a deal will go
through, sooner or later, as soon as Time Warner and Yahoo can agree on a
price. Or, more precisely, a percentage, since Yahoo’s stock price has been
falling like a particularly sharp knife of late. Sources said Yahoo does not
want Time Warner (TWX) to have any more than 25 percent of the new company in
a trade for AOL’s assets–although that figure would be slightly more if the
media giant throws in some of that “Harry Potter”-generated cash into the deal
kitty. Yahoo (YHOO) management, sources said, also think its assets are of
significantly better quality than AOL’s, and it still has that
powerful–although declining–share in the lucrative search market. Thus, it
does not want to pay the $8 to $10 billion price Time Warner wants, and it
should not either. (Here is a good analysis on the price issue by Silicon
Alley Insider’s Henry Blodget.) But Yahoo shares closed yesterday at a
troubling $14.58, down 73 cents, or almost five percent. That means its market
valuation also declined by many billion dollars very quickly. It is now at
$20.2 billion. These profound stock drops, said several sources, could spur
Yahoo to act before it gets even worse, which is why talks have been more
frequent in recent weeks. While not the best state of mind, panic is always a
good motivator, and both companies are surely desperate to turbocharge
themselves in the face of tough competition and avoidable management mishaps
in recent years. The hope? That together the pair can do better than they have
separately–by combining their advertising, content and communications assets,
which are among the largest in the world. In addition, the “new” Yahoo would
be able to make massive cost cuts, including layoffs, under the cover of
integration and starting off with a clean slate. So who would emerge more
powerful in a new set-up–AOL or Yahoo? Here’s a short cheat list: Content: AOL
and Yahoo have a similar range of content assets, with big sites in all the
classic categories, like news, financial, sports and lifestyles. Yahoo’s
content head is Scott Moore, while AOL’s is Bill Wilson (both pictured here,
left to right). As I wrote yesterday, I expect that the more dominant Yahoo
will rule, slashing and burning most of the AOL-branded properties, keeping
only interesting newer brands like sports blog FanHouse, celeb blog TMZ and
the Engadget, Tuaw and JoyStiq tech blogs. And while former Microsoftie Moore
is the likely head of this behemoth, don’t count on the very adept Wilson, who
is known as a skilled corporate player at AOL, to stick around without a big
role in this arena. Communications: Again, advantage Yahoo, which has bigger
calendaring, email and instant messaging assets, an area once overwhelmingly
dominated by AOL. That was then, of course. Still, AOL’s communications tools
are used by a huge audience worldwide and the pair together would be a
powerhouse. So much so, in fact, that this might be the one major regulatory
hurdle any deal would face. Advertising: Again, Yahoo would probably dominate,
having just hired well-known former Microsoft exec Joanne Bradford to head up
U.S. advertising sales. AOL’s top ad exec is Lynda Clarizio, a former lawyer
who is considered dogged but much less experienced than Bradford. (Both are
pictured here, right to left.) And, Yahoo does have its search ad business,
however weakening, and a stronger graphical ad business, even if the sector
will be most under siege in the current down economy. Plus, AOL’s
Advertising.com, while a major ad network, is more of a business subject to
bruising competition and squeezed margins. Community: Tapan Bhat (pictured
here) now rules community at Yahoo, as well as its homepage, having just
inherited it from the departing Brad Garlinghouse. But AOL has a savvy and
voluble exec in Joanna Shields, who came recently via its Bebo social-
networking acquisition. While AOL woefully overpaid for Bebo and got played
into thinking that other bidders were more interested than they actually were,
it was Shields (pictured here) who essentially did that playing. Sign her up
for a top exec role in the combined company pronto! In all seriousness, there
is room for both in the newco, as both AOL and Yahoo seriously bite in the
social-networking space. They will surely need a lot more than Bhat and
Shields if they want to become true players in Web 2.0’s hottest and probably
most important trend. Engineering: Yahoo. I do not need to explain this, do I?
Okay: AOL has always been incompetent in the technical arena, since its
beginning days, compared with Silicon Valley companies like Yahoo. All yours,
Ash Patel! Management: Now, it is here that it gets interesting. Most feel the
push by Yang to do an AOL deal–and make no mistake, it is being pushed by him
most of all–is due to increased pressure from his board, as well as major
investors, who have had just about enough of his leadership. “There is no way
Jerry stays on as CEO in a newco,” said one source about Yang (pictured here).
“He’ll be kicked upstairs as chairman, and I will think [President Sue] Decker
will also have to go eventually, since there will be a lot of resistance if
she is named CEO.” But, said other sources, these major management changes
will not happen immediately, if at all, as it is too distracting in the wake
of a deal and ruins the positive “story” that both companies will surely want
to spin. And spin they will! (Go, Tricia! Go, Jill!) And while he has a
reputation for sharkish political skills, especially compared to Yahoo’s very
diplomatic U.S. head, Hilary Schneider, expect AOL President Ron Grant to be
an important part of the transition, since he is good–almost too good–at
cutting costs. Most expect his boss, AOL CEO Randy Falco, not to be part of
the new company, thereby separating him and Grant, who are nicknamed “Smithers
and Burns” at AOL, after “The Simpsons” creepy duo. Most likely, there will be
a search for a top-level CEO to take over the combined company–someone of the
stature of New Corp.’s No. 2 Peter Chernin or eBay’s former leader Meg Whitman
(except now, she is apparently Sen. John McCain’s pick for Treasury Secretary,
if the Republican Presidential candidate were to win the election). “If this
has any chance of working out, the board has to push restart on the
leadership,” said one person close to the situation, who notes that this deal
is Yang’s last chance to truly impact the future of the company he co-founded
and preserve its legacy. “Everyone gets that, even Jerry.” But I think the
idea that Yang would leave if there were to be a merger of Yahoo with AOL is
wishful thinking on the part of his critics. He appears tome to be very
committed to seeing his vision of turning around Yahoo through. And those who
have counted him out always seem to be the ones who have been typically wrong,
such as Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and shareholder activist Carl Icahn.
Because, for all the turmoil at Yahoo, it’s Yang still calling the shots.
Tagged with: advertising, Advertising.com, AOL, Bebo, Bill Wilson, blog,
board, BoomTown, Brad Garlinghouse, communication, community, content,
digital, eBay, Engadget, engineering, FanHouse, Henry Blodget, Internet, Jeff
Bewkes, Jerry Yang, Joanna Shields, Joanne Bradford, John McCain, JoyStiq,
Kara Swisher, Lynda Clarizio, management, Meg Whitman, merger, News Corp.,
Peter Chernin, Randy Falco, Ron Grant, Scott Moore, search, Silicon Alley
Insider, Silicon Valley, stock, Sue Decker, Tapan Bhat, Time Warner, TMZ,
Tuaw, Web 2.0, Yahoo You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at
2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in
3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t
Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013
at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version