WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Mind Games: Will Brain Power Be the Future of
Play? May 2, 2013 at 8:30 am PT Tweet Share Print Photo courtesy NeuroGaming
Conference & ExpoTouchscreens? Seen ’em! The Wiimote? Old news! Gamepads?
Please. In San Francisco this week, a nonprofit group dedicated to neurogaming
— the intersection of brain science and videogame playing — is taking its turn
at bat in predicting the next wave of game-changing technology. The conclusion
of the NeuroGaming Conference and Expo’s organizers, unsurprisingly, is that
hardware and software that monitor and respond to your body’s electrical and
chemical signals will do for games what synchronized sound did for movies.
Zack Lynch, CEO of the neurotech industry’s trade group, said the end goal is
to create a new, deeper category of games. Speakers and expositioners all had
their own takes on how to reach that goal, including (just to name a few):
“Mind-reading” headsets with sensors that attach to the ear and forehead
Smooth, unassuming touchscreens that provide haptic (touch) feedback
Headphones that convert low-frequency bass sounds — think explosions in an
action game — into physical vibrations Neurotech integrations with much-
discussed emerging wearable technologies like Google Glass and the Oculus Rift
Experimental sensors that could estimate a player’s emotional state by, for
instance, calculating the pH of their sweat. But questions about the
technology’s future abounded throughout the first day of the conference on
Wednesday. At the root of all their caveats was a single point of potential
failure: those pesky consumers. “Most consumers are not going to put down
their hard-earned money” for experimental one-time-use gadgets, NeuroSky CEO
Stanley Yang said. “There has to be lasting value.” (Yang should know: his
company’s first consumer product, the Star Wars Force Trainer, was a $130 ping
pong ball-levitating device … batteries not included.) Photo courtesy
NeuroGaming Conference & ExpoAnd the neurotech industry may even need to
reconsider its vocabulary, said Chris Petrovic, the former general manager of
GameStop’s “Digital Ventures” arm. “Regardless of how we define it, keep the
consumers in mind,” Petrovic said in a venture capital-focused panel about
investing in the technology. “Don’t call this ‘the next great neurogaming
platform’ or ‘neurogaming device,’ because it won’t sell.” Those terms, he
explained, connote an invasion of one’s body and may seem scary to those
unfamiliar with the technology — that is, almost everyone. A few of the
speakers and numerous attendees (Lynch said about 300 registered for the
conference online) suggested that the best immediate hope for brain-powered
technology is not consumer gaming at all, but rather improvements in the
places where it has already succeeded, like clinical therapy for those with
limited mobility or as a teaching aide for children with mental disorders like
ADHD. The problem is that most brain-training games are just, well, boring,
said Petrovic’s fellow panelist Roger Quy, a general partner at Technology
Partners. A popular refrain throughout the day was that without great content,
all attempts at neurogaming would be doomed to the same fate as 3-D TV, which
fizzled despite enormous hype and investment. Union Square associate Nate
Hennings added that games targeted at a niche of enthusiasts may prove to be a
testing ground for the mass viability of neurotech, just as the Tesla Roadster
laid the groundwork for cheaper versions of the electric cars. The dream,
though, is that one of the companies represented at the conference will come
up with a device that immediately “clicks” with consumers, as the Wiimote did
starting back in 2006. To that end, perhaps the most important axiom to
measure future brain gaming products’ success came out of Yang’s appearance
earlier in the day. “What happens to the consumer when they open up the box?”
Yang asked. “Are they able to plug it in and start having fun instantly? If
you can’t deliver that, nobody will jump in.” Tagged with: 3-D TV, ADD, ADHD,
brain, Chris Petrovic, Force Trainer, GameStop, gaming, glass, Google, Google
Glass, Nate Hennings, neurogaming, NeuroGaming Conference, neuroscience,
NeuroSky, neurotech, Nintendo, Roger Quy, science, Stanley Yang, Star Wars,
Technology Partners, Union Square Ventures, venture capital, videogames, Wii,
Wiimote, Zack Lynch QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises Another $22
Million December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review: WhatsApp
vs. Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT
Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19, 2013 at
1:52 pm PT Despite Free-to-Play Explosion, Apple Puts Spotlight on Paid Games
December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and
Oculus VR Makes Perfect Sense December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version