WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Cellphones Nokia’s Smart Phone Offers a Bargain Price
For High-End Utility August 24, 2006 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » After years of sitting on the sidelines as a minor player in the
U.S. market for high-end smart phones, Nokia is about to enter the fray in a
bigger way than it has in the past. The Finnish cellphone giant is introducing
a phone called the E62 that resembles, and is aimed at, the Palm Treo, the
latest BlackBerry phones from Research In Motion and the Motorola Q. Nokia’s
E62 Like those other smart phones, the E62 has a full keyboard and is actually
a little computer that is meant to be a serious email device as well as a
phone. Like the Q and the Treo, it can play music and videos, surf the Web,
and display photos. Unlike the Treo and the Q, however, the Nokia E62 can run
a service licensed by RIM that allows it to behave like a BlackBerry. It can
send and receive email using either a corporate BlackBerry server or a
consumer BlackBerry service offered by a cellphone carrier. I’ve been testing
the E62 and I like it. It’s fairly utilitarian-looking and won’t likely become
an object of desire like the Q and the Treo. But it gets the job done and may
well be the best bargain in its category. In the past, Nokia has relied on a
smart-phone design that was a thick, long device that flipped open to reveal a
wide, horizontally aligned keyboard and screen. That design sold OK in Europe
but flopped in the U.S. Now, with the E62, Nokia is adopting the American-type
design pioneered by the BlackBerry and used by the Treo and the Q. Nokia is
being coy about the timing, pricing and wireless carrier for the E62. But I
expect it to be available late next month from Cingular Wireless. And I expect
it to cost even less than the Q, which at $199 is the least expensive product
in this group. The latest Treo models, the 700p and 700w, are being sold by
Verizon Wireless for $299 right now, after rebates. The E62 works on the so-
called GSM cellphone standard that’s universal in Europe, and used by Cingular
and T-Mobile in the U.S. This means it can be used in both America and Europe,
as well as in some other countries. The Treo 700 models, sold by Verizon and
Sprint, and the Q, sold only by Verizon, use an American technology called
CDMA that doesn’t work in Europe or in most places outside the U.S. However,
that GSM technology also saddles the E62 with its biggest drawback: It is much
slower at receiving data such as email and Web pages than the Q or the Treo
700, or even certain BlackBerry models. That’s because it uses EDGE, a GSM
variant that has been blown away by a technology called EVDO used by the Treo
700 and the Q. In my tests, EVDO has been up to seven times as fast as EDGE.
The E62 also lacks a camera, unlike the Q and the Treo 700. But, like them, it
has Bluetooth wireless technology. Nokia has built in a sharp, vivid screen
with a resolution of 320 by 240. That’s better than the resolution on the Treo
700w and identical to the Q’s screen resolution — but inferior to the
resolution on the Treo 700p. The new Nokia is a bit larger than the Q — wider,
thicker, longer and heavier. But it’s thinner and lighter than the Treo 700,
albeit a bit wider and longer. In my tests, the voice quality of the E62 was
very good. Battery life was decent, with a talk time of between four and 5.5
hours. The phone accepts memory cards for storage of files and applications.
The BlackBerry Connect service and software, likely to cost around $45 a
month, worked well. After I installed the BlackBerry software on the new Nokia
and configured the service on the E62 and on an accompanying Web site, the
service “pushed” all emails from my regular account to the E62 reliably.
There’s no limit to how much email you can receive, though the carrier may
intervene if it believes you are abusing the service. The only downside of the
BlackBerry Connect feature is that there’s a noticeable latency when you open
an email before it displays on the screen. In my tests, the N62 could open
most major email attachment types, including Word documents, Excel
spreadsheets and Adobe PDF files. It’s also supposed to work with PowerPoint
presentations, but in my tests, this function failed. The user interface on
the E62 isn’t nearly as fast or slick as on the Palm operating system used by
the Treo 700p. But I preferred it slightly over the Windows Mobile operating
system used on the Treo 700w and some other smart phones. There were still too
many menus and extra steps compared with the Palm system, but at least you can
delete an email with one click. Turning on the speaker phone was also quick
and easy. I was able to synchronize the E62 with Microsoft Outlook, and bring
over my contacts and calendar, using the separate Windows software that comes
with the phone. And I was able to load up the memory card with pictures and
songs from my computer and use them successfully on the E62. All in all, the
E62 is a solid and inexpensive smart phone. Email me at mossberg@wsj.com.
Tagged with Adobe, BlackBerry, CDMA, cellphone, Cingular, EDGE, email, EVDO,
GSM, keyboard, Nokia, Outlook, Palm, PowerPoint, Research In Motion, server,
Sprint, T-Mobile, Treo, Verizon, Windows, word Top Products in Two Decades of
Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your
Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December
10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm
PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the
Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg
and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version