WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Oracle Shakes Off Wall Street’s Worries, Beats
Estimates in Q2 December 18, 2013 at 1:38 pm PT Tweet Share Print Quarterly
results from Oracle have just crossed the wires, and apparently there wasn’t
quite as much to worry about as analysts had led us to believe. Earnings on a
per-share basis were 69 cents versus the 67-cent consensus view. Sales were
$9.3 billion, beating the expected $9.2 billion. Shares rose a bit after hours
as the results were first announced, but ahead of the conference call they’re
down slightly to $34.43 after closing higher by nearly three percent during
the regular session. Leading the results were sales of new software licenses,
which were flat at $2.4 billion, as was hardware sales at $1.3 billion.
License update revenue grew six percent to $4.5 billion. Since it’s Oracle,
CEO Larry Ellison made a few statements meant to disparage the competition,
specifically cloud software companies Salesforce.com and Workday. Never mind
that Salesforce is a big Oracle database customer — its main product, the
Salesforce CRM application, still competes directly with Oracle’s. Ellison
made a point of calling attention to Oracle’s “billion dollar SaaS business”
and crowed that bookings grew 35 percent in the quarter and continue to grow
at a “triple-digit rate.” Update: Oracle just shared its guidance for the
quarter ending in February. It said it expects per-share earnings of 68 cents
to 72 cents, which straddles the consensus of 70 cents. It sees revenue
growing between three percent and seven percent. It still expects a flat-to-up
outlook on hardware, ranging from a decline of one percent to growth of eight
percent. That’s a good signal — last quarter it was forward guidance that
caused the shares to drop the next day. The shares have recovered a bit from
an earlier drop after hours. Here’s Oracle’s original announcement. ORACLE
REPORTS GAAP EPS UP 5% to 56 CENTS, NON-GAAP EPS UP 7% to 69 CENTS TTM
Operating Cash Flow Increases to Record $15.2 billion, TTM Free Cash Flow up
14% REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 18, 2013 — Oracle Corporation (NYSE:
ORCL) today announced that both fiscal 2014 Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP total
revenues were up 2% to $9.3 billion. GAAP new software licenses and cloud
software subscriptions revenues were unchanged at $2.4 billion, while non-GAAP
new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues were down 1%
to $2.4 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product
support revenues were up 6% to $4.5 billion. Hardware Systems revenues,
including hardware systems products and hardware systems support, were
unchanged at $1.3 billion. Hardware systems products revenues were down 3% to
$714 million. GAAP operating income was down 2% to $3.4 billion, and the GAAP
operating margin was 37%. Non-GAAP operating income was down 1% at $4.2
billion, and the non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. GAAP net income was down
1% to $2.6 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 1% to $3.2 billion. GAAP
earnings per share were up 5% to $0.56, while non-GAAP earnings per share were
up 7% to $0.69. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was
$15.2 billion. Without the impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to
foreign currencies, Oracle’s reported Q2 GAAP earnings per share would have
been up 7% and non-GAAP earnings per share would have been up 9%. GAAP and
non-GAAP total revenues also would have been up 3%; GAAP and non-GAAP new
software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues would have been up
1%. Hardware Systems revenues, including hardware systems products and
hardware systems support, would have been up 2%. “We’re very pleased with our
results as new software license and cloud software subscription revenue grew
1% in constant currency over the 18% growth reported last year,” said Oracle
President and CFO, Safra Catz. “Software revenue grew 5% helping drive our
tremendous cash flow and for the first time ever, we generated more than $15
billion in operating cash flow over four quarters.” “Our hardware business,
including support, grew 2% in constant currency this quarter driven by double-
digit revenue growth in Exadata, Exalogic and Exalytics,” said Oracle
President Mark Hurd. “The SPARC SuperCluster and Big Data Appliance were even
better, with triple-digit growth and we expect hardware products will show
growth next quarter.” “Our billion dollar SaaS business delivered overall
bookings growth of 35% in the quarter,” said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. “Our
fastest growing cloud services were Fusion Human Capital Management and Fusion
Salesforce Automation, each growing bookings at a triple-digit rate.” The
Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share of
outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record
as of the close of business on January 7, 2014, with a payment date of January
28, 2014. Tagged with: ATD Facebook, earnings, enterprise software, Larry
Ellison, Mark Hurd, Oracle, quarterly results, software Apple Denies Working
with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm
PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT
CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version