WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Good Luck With That Alleged
Antitrust Complaint Against Apple, Adobe… May 7, 2010 at 7:28 am PT Tweet
Share Print “The first question that needs to be answered is ‘Does Apple have
monopoly power in this market?'” That’s what Harry First, the Charles L.
Denison Professor of Law at New York University School of Law, told me when I
asked him if Adobe’s (ADBE) rumored antitrust complaint against Apple had any
legs. Today, we have the answer to First’s question: No. According to a
comScore (SCOR) survey of 234 million American mobile subscribers age 13 and
older, Apple controls just five percent of the mobile phone market in the
United States–hardly enough to be considered a monopoly, let alone an abusive
one. In fact, Apple (AAPL) doesn’t even rank among the top mobile OEMs, and
with a five percent share, it is more than three percent away from Nokia
(NOK), its nearest rival. (See tables below; click to enlarge.) Now, in the
smartphone market, the iPhone maker’s market share is more significant. As of
February, Apple claimed a 25.4 percent share. While that was enough to give
the company second place in comScore’s smartphone OEM rankings, it pales in
comparison with Research in Motion’s (RIMM) 42.1 percent share. It’s also well
below the threshold for a monopolization claim, which would seem to suggest
that the chances of a possible antitrust investigation against Apple are
pretty slim indeed. As Kenneth Glazer, a partner at K&L; Gates and the former
deputy director of the Bureau of Competition at the Federal Trade Commission,
told The Wall Street Journal last week: If…Apple has only a 25% share, they’re
well below the threshold for a monopolization claim and also below the
threshold for an attempted monopolization claim. You’ve got to be at least 40%
to be within shouting distance of an attempted monopolization claim. I don’t
see how they’re going to be able to prove a monopolization case against Apple
if smart phones are the relevant market, unless you can carve out a narrower
antitrust market in which Apple has a larger share. Tagged with: Adobe,
antitrust, Apple, Bureau of Competition, Charles L. Denison, comScore, Federal
Trade Commission, flash, Harry First, innovation, Internet, John Paczkowski,
K&L; Gates, Kenneth Glazer, market, monopolization, monopoly, New York
University, Nokia, OEM, Professor of Law, rankings, School of Law, share,
smartphone, subscribers, Wall Street Journal HP Unveils Non-Computer For Those
Who Don’t Need A Computer May 20, 2011 at 9:25 am PT Apple: Amazon’s Appstore
Isn’t An “App Store” May 20, 2011 at 7:36 am PT Welcome to 1997: Nokia’s
Market Share at Its Lowest in 14 Years May 20, 2011 at 4:00 am PT Apple’s Data
Center Buildup Goes Bicoastal May 19, 2011 at 1:20 pm PT China Mobile’s Four
Million iPhone Users Still Waiting for Official Apple Deal May 19, 2011 at
9:35 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version