WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher CafeMom Launches Daily Deals and Plans Hispanic
Moms Site May 4, 2011 at 5:27 am PT Tweet Share Print CafeMom, a social-
networking and community site aimed at mothers, is expanding its offerings to
daily deals, as well as announcing an anticipated launch of a site aimed at
Hispanic moms. The deals effort has just been launched under the killer URL of
Mom.com and will first be available in the Northern New Jersey area. The sales
force, which will presumably compete with armies of sales people from social
buying phenoms such as Groupon and LivingSocial, will be made up of local moms
in these markets. The “Mamas Latinas” site–which is still unnamed–will be run
by former People en Español publisher Lucia Ballas-Traynor, who has just been
hired by CafeMom. In an interview yesterday, its co-founders Michael Sanchez
and Andrew Shue said the New York-based CafeMom was aiming at another major
growth spurt. Said Shue of the effort so far: “It’s just two dads trying to
create the definitive mom’s site.” There is a lot of competition in the space,
such as iVillage, which is more broadly aimed at the lucrative women’s space.
But CafeMom had attracted attention too and had considered a number of
acquisition offers last year, before deciding to expand its service on its
own. Last summer, in fact, Yahoo and several other companies expressed
interest in the possibility of acquiring CafeMom. After considering a variety
of offers, said Sanchez, who is CEO of CafeMom, “We think we have a unique
opportunity to grow ourselves and not for someone else.” The company has been
knocking around for a long time in Internet terms, morphing from a sister
company owned by CMI Marketing called ClubMom back in the Web 1.0 days. CMI,
which was also founded by Shue and Sanchez, finally got two big fundings in
2008 totaling $24 million, from venture firms such as Highland Capital
Partners and Draper Fisher Jurvetson. Moving from what was essentially a
glorified bulletin board for moms, it has added content and other social-
networking tools and games. For example, it recently launched a blog and
content platform named “The Stir.” Shue and Sanchez said the main CafeMom site
now has 7.6 million million unique monthly visitors on its main site and
almost 21 million on its overall network of affiliated sites. The pair said
that CafeMom is profitable, with 100 employees. It now has revenue of about
$36 million annually. Here’s the official press release about the Hispanic
moms site: CafeMom, the #1 site for moms with more than 7MM monthly visitors,
to launch new website for Hispanic Moms Outgoing publisher of PEOPLE en
Español announced as co-founder. New York, New York May 4, 2011–CafeMom
announced its plans to launch a web destination catering to Hispanic moms in
the coming months, to be co-founded by Lucia Ballas-Traynor, a Hispanic
marketing veteran and the just-departed publisher of PEOPLE en Español. As
part of its market research, CafeMom conducted a major national study of
Hispanic moms, across the acculturation spectrum, and found that 92% of
Hispanic moms believe there is not currently a website that clearly serves
their needs. “There is currently a huge gap online in serving Hispanic moms,”
said CafeMom CEO, Michael Sanchez. “By 2014 one in four moms online will be
Hispanic, and advertisers are increasingly looking for ways to reach this key
segment. The site represents a tremendous opportunity, both to add value to
millions of moms’ lives and to deliver unique integration possibilities to the
brands that are most committed to the Hispanic market.” CafeMom conducted a
nationally-representative study of Hispanic moms fielded in both English and
Spanish with a well-respected third party research vendor. The study showed
Hispanic moms are underserved online, and are also eager to connect with each
other. 79% of Hispanic moms said they wanted to connect with other Moms who
share their culture, heritage, and life experiences. Co-founder Lucia Ballas-
Traynor brings her 25 years experience in Hispanic media, and has been at the
helm of leading Hispanic media brands such as Univision’s Galavision, MTV Tr3s
and most recently People en Español, the largest selling Hispanic magazine in
the U.S. “Our plan is to leverage CafeMom’s expertise in community, content,
and strategic programs for leading brands and combine it with a world class
leadership team that has a deep understanding of Hispanic moms and media,”
said Sanchez. “As part of this effort, we are excited to bring Lucia on to the
team. She has a proven track record in delivering for consumers and
advertisers alike.” “I’m thrilled to be working with CafeMom on this,” says
Ballas-Traynor. “CafeMom is uniquely positioned to deliver this opportunity as
an authority on moms. I’m confident that we can create something that will add
real value to the lives of millions of Hispanic moms.” Tagged with:
acquisition, Andrew Shue, blog, bulletin board, buying, CafeMom, CMI
Marketing, community, content, daily deals, Draper Fisher Jurvetson, employee,
firm, funding, games, Groupon, Highland Capital Partners, Hispanic, iVillage,
LivingSocial, local, Lucia Ballas-Traynor, Mamas Latinas, market, Michael
Sanchez, mom, Mom.com, mothers, New Jersey, New York, offering, People en
Español, platform, press release, publisher, revenue, sales, service, social,
social networking, The Stir, tools, venture, Web 1.0, women, Yahoo You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version