WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl What HP’s Meg Whitman Appears to Have Learned
From Steve Jobs February 23, 2012 at 2:39 pm PT Tweet Share Print Among the
many comments that Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman made during yesterday’s
conference call with analysts, one in particular stood out to me. Here it is,
emphasis mine. First is fixing our execution, ensuring we have the right
systems, processes and people. This includes things like optimizing our supply
chain, including SKU reduction, to remove unnecessary complexity from the way
we design, manufacture and deliver products; upgrading our sales tools and
systems to respond more quickly to customers; and increasing the productivity
of our sales force by rationalizing our go-to-market. For those who don’t
know, a SKU — pronounced “skew” — refers to something called a stock-keeping
unit. It’s business shorthand for a particular model or type of product. A PC
with a certain processor, certain amount of memory and certain capacity hard
drive, and in a particular color, is a SKU. The same goes for models of
printers, smartphones, or different versions of products sold into different
distribution channels or with different options inside the box. What Whitman
is saying is that HP is producing too many different types and configurations
of products, and this is injecting a lot of expensive operational complexity
that might be getting in the way. My ears perked up at this during the
conference call, and when she repeated the phrase on CNBC today (see video
below). It took me back in time to — of all things — the very first Steve Jobs
MacWorld keynote I ever attended. The year was 1998, the MacWorld Expo that
year was in New York and I had begged my boss at the time to let me go. Apple
was in those days a company that many media organizations could afford to
ignore because its relevance was limited to people who used Macs, which
included me. This was the year the first iMac was about to explode on the
scene, and indeed, Jobs talked in great detail about it during this keynote.
But not before he set about explaining the strategic problems at Apple he had
sought to solve during the preceding several months. One of them was the fact
that Apple made a comparatively dizzying array of computers, nearly all of
them labeled with numbers that had no clear meaning to anyone. During his talk
(part of which I’ve embedded in a grainy video below), Jobs wiped away the
complex list in favor of a four-square grid with four kinds of products.
Consumer desktops, consumer notebooks, pro desktops and notebooks. For a young
business reporter just starting out, which I was, the clarity of Jobs’s
argument was a revelation: A complex product offering can cause problems both
for the customer and the company selling the goods. First, it muddies the
waters for customers, especially when two or more versions of a product suit a
particular need. Second, it adds operational cost and complexity. One product
— say, a printer — may be manufactured in just one way, but then customized in
a mind-numbing set of different variations for different lines of business.
There may be different accessories in the box or different service options, or
whatever. Each of these is a SKU all its own that has be tracked and marketed
and sold and supported, adding costs along the way. Being the biggest tech
company by revenue, working in five major business segments and operating in
166 countries adds plenty of complexity by itself. Why make it more complex
than it has to be? Clarity and simplicity work. Let’s compare Apple and HP on
their choice of computers. Shop for a Mac today, and the four-square grid that
Jobs showed in 1998 still stands, mostly: There are two kinds of notebooks,
and they vary by screen size, and three kinds of desktop machine each aimed at
unmistakably different needs, for a total of six. Of course there are
variations within them for memory and hard drive and screen size, but you get
my point. On HP.com I see six different notebooks for “everyday computing,”
five ultra-mobile machines, six “high performance” notebooks and four machines
sold under its “Envy” brand. I count 21 different notebook options, and I
haven’t even looked at the desktop models yet. Does anyone really need that
many choices? A sense of clarity is good for business, and it’s an important
lesson that many companies of a certain size have to re-learn from time to
time. When Jobs learned it at Apple in 1998, its product complexity was
nowhere near the level that Whitman now faces at HP. But we all know how
keeping it simple worked out for Apple. And while the problem is probably an
order of magnitude more complicated at HP, the fundamental business lesson
still stands: A stripped-down product portfolio could work for HP, too. Here’s
part of the Steve Jobs keynote I mentioned above. This is Part 2, and he goes
on to describe the simplified product strategy in the the first few minutes of
part three here. And here’s Whitman’s appearance from CNBC earlier today.
Tagged with: Apple, Hewlett-Packard, HP, iMac, Keynote, MacWorld, Meg Whitman,
PowerMac G3, Steve Jobs Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version