WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Speaker Michael Sippey VP of ProductTwitter Michael Sippey, who has
said on Quora that “the iPhone is best used as a distraction from the human
condition,” leads the consumer product management team at Twitter, which
includes Twitter’s mobile applications, Twitter.com, TweetDeck and Twitter’s
developer platform. Prior to joining Twitter in 2012, Sippey was VP of artist
development at SAY Media, where he was responsible for identifying influential
content creators and launching new media properties. Earlier, he was VP
Product at blogging platform provider Six Apart. Sippey earned his B.A. in
English literature from Colgate University and an M.B.A. from the Haas School
of Business at UC Berkeley. The best way to reach him, of course, is on
Twitter, where he is @sippey. He's pretty sure his first cellphone was a Nokia
6160. Posts With Michael Sippey Can Twitter Fix Its Product Problem? Mike
Isaac in Social on November 8, 2013 at 12:51 pm PT The product division at the
microblogging service is rife with problems. Will it ever change? Twitter’s
Third Act: A New Design to Court the Mainstream Mike Isaac in Social on
September 16, 2013 at 9:49 am PT The company plans a massive overhaul of its
mobile applications, an effort to attract new users while keeping the existing
ones happy. Facebook Takes on Twitter by Courting Celebrities, Building
Twittery Tools Peter Kafka in Media on August 7, 2013 at 9:00 am PT The
world’s biggest social network is paying attention to its smaller rival by
taking pages from its playbook, like cozying up with Hollywood and building
tools like a “trending topics” feature. Twitter’s Michael Sippey Explains the
Prescient Vine Acquisition (Full Dive Video) Liz Gannes in Dive Into Mobile on
May 25, 2013 at 5:00 pm PT “Vine after Vine after Vine.” Twitter Testing New
Local Discovery Features — And It’s About Time Mike Isaac in Social on April
25, 2013 at 1:15 pm PT A secret feature in development could bring nearby
tweeters into your Twitter stream. WhatsApp, Snapchat and the Real “Second
Screen” — 10 Things You Missed at Day Two of Dive Into Mobile Eric Johnson in
Dive Into Mobile on April 17, 2013 at 12:13 am PT A quick catch-up guide to
the second and final day of our global mobile conference. Twitter’s View of
the Boston Marathon Bombings (Video) John Paczkowski in Dive Into Mobile on
April 16, 2013 at 3:00 pm PT What did Twitter look like after the Boston
Marathon bombings? Michael Sippey, Twitter’s VP of product, explains. Twitter,
Discovery and the Problem of Simplicity Mike Isaac in Social on April 16, 2013
at 2:43 pm PT A product engineering problem for the ages if ever there was
one. Twitter Untangles Its Overgrown Org Chart Mike Isaac in News on March 20,
2013 at 1:05 pm PT A look at Twitter’s new and improved organizational
structure, including the company’s problematic history between departments.
Twitter Firms Up Top Ranks With CTO, Tightens Product and Design Roles Mike
Isaac in Social on March 13, 2013 at 4:30 pm PT More changes at the top for
Twitter’s C-Suite. Dive Into Mobile Adds Google’s Schmidt, Waze’s Bardin and
Twitter’s Sippey Liz Gannes in Dive Into Mobile, March 5, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
As IPO Gets Closer, Twitter Tries Growing Up Fast Mike Isaac in Social,
December 20, 2012 at 1:19 pm PT TweetMeme Closes Its Doors as Founders Focus
on Social Analytics Mike Isaac in Social, September 26, 2012 at 2:15 pm PT
Twitter Plans to Choke Access to Apps It Doesn’t Approve Liz Gannes in Social,
August 16, 2012 at 4:05 pm PT Stepping on Stock Twits’ Toes, Twitter Rolls Out
the Cashtag Mike Isaac in Social, July 30, 2012 at 8:15 pm PT With Facebook
Acquisition Looming, Twitter Tightens Instagram API Access Mike Isaac in
Social, July 26, 2012 at 10:02 pm PT Recruiting the Draft Picks: Twitter’s
Internal Shuffle, Spurred by a Year-Long Talent Raid on the Valley Mike Isaac
in Social, June 7, 2012 at 2:43 pm PT D: Dive Into Mobile All D Conferences
Coverage About Conference App Live Stream Location Media Photo Gallery
Schedule Speakers Sponsors Videos Dive Into Mobile (2010) Related Videos View
all videos » Twitter's Michael Sippey at D: Dive Into MobileTwitter's View of
the Boston Marathon Bombings Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe [It was] the best deal ever.— David Lawee, Google’s VP
of corporate development, on the company’s acquisition of Android. AllThingsD
by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version