Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Announces Young Investigator Award Recipients for February 03/04/2013 SEATTLE,
WA, March 4, 2013 – Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation, a leading provider
of next-generation sequencing assays for the adaptive immune system, selected
today four recipients to receive its Young Investigator Award for February.
Winners will receive a $5,000 grant to use towards the purchase of immunoSEQ
assays as part of their research in a variety of fields, such as immunology.
“I continue to be impressed by the quality of applications we receive for this
award,” said Adaptive CEO Chad Robins. “These up-and-coming researchers show
passion and brilliance for their work which bodes well for the future. I’m
proud we’re able to support these dedicated, enthusiastic individuals.” The
winners of the Young Investigator Award are: Alan Watson, Ph.D., University of
Pittsburgh Sven Malchow, Ph.D., University of Chicago, Dept. of Pathology
Marta Pasikowska, King’s College London Michela Bardini, Centro Ricerca
Tettamanti University of Milan Bicocca Learn more about the research each
winner is pursuing » The award is given four times a year to postdoctoral
fellows and exceptional pre-doctoral students at qualifying universities
researching any aspect of immunology. The next group of winners will be
announced in May. The recipients are selected by a panel of distinguished
Ph.D. scientists working at Adaptive or consulting on the development of its
immune profiling solution called immunoSEQ. All award applicants were asked to
submit a proposal detailing their study. The criteria for selection was based
on the innovative use of immunoSEQ assays in the research concept, the
soundness of research design, and the value of the research to the field of
immunology. The Young Investigator Award is part of Adaptive’s ongoing support
of outstanding researchers and its continuing effort to provide groundbreaking
technology required to better understand, diagnose, and identify treatments
for a variety of cancer, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases. For
more information on the Young Investigator Award, including the application »
About Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation and immunoSEQ™ Adaptive
Biotechnologies Corporation, headquartered in Seattle, WA, is pioneering the
field of genomic immunology. The company’s core competency is developing next
generation sequencing assays that characterize the adaptive immune system,
serving as a platform technology to the research community and the
biopharmaceutical industry. Its flagship commercial product, immunoSEQ, uses a
proprietary immune profiling assay to analyze T cells and B cells – critical
components of the adaptive immune system’s defense against disease – with
unprecedented depth and specificity. Sequencing the variable region of these
immune cells allows researchers to characterize the complete immune repertoire
of a patient or group of patients in search of immunologic biomarkers. Fueled
by discoveries from immunoSEQ, the company is currently developing a pipeline
of clinical assays that are specific to cancer diagnosis and prognosis. All of
Adaptive Biotechnologies’ assays are coupled with a cloud-computing
infrastructure that simplifies the interpretation of massive quantities of
data in a user-friendly interface. immunoSEQ was launched in September 2010
and has a worldwide customer base. Previous Press Release Adaptive scientists
develop “virtual flow cytometry” – a new approach to distinguish CD4+ from
CD8+ T cells using only high-throughput sequencing on the immunoSEQ platform.
02/25/2013 Next Press Release Clinical Relevance of Minimal Residual Disease
in NEJM 03/28/2013 Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888)
522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products &
ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ®
Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular
Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur
Story Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All
Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy
HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses