Home Browse Topics Series Events From Sponsors WSJ.com Search Now Playing
4/24/2013 10:00AM Mozilla CEO Gary Kovacs at D: Dive Into Mobile Mozilla CEO
Gary Kovacs joined AllThingsDs Walt Mossberg and Ina Fried onstage at D: Dive
Into Mobileto talk about Firefox OS, a mobile system software initiative
similar to what Google is doing with the Chrome OS for the desktop. Transcript
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100%
accurate.... the ... no Carrie Ron's Mozilla ... which ... makes Firefox ...
and I'm sure you all ... use Firefox ... says Barry ... but the ... the
interesting that they're there to be peace the big news when is the your
resigning which will get to ... and the other is ... that Firefox is making
its own mobile operating system ... so ... what the ... the White Isle of ...
Why auto making your own mobile ... operating system those not on the Midwest
... is really a concrete ledge and as those that you know ... her words ... um
... no good ... Sears the no one's been able to get any traction at all ...
against ... in Jordan I alas ... is this that a smart thing to do why he doing
... so well ... with that interaction think you ... could be here ... well
welcome to do your paper here ... um ... the was so the web ... is fragmented
on mobile ... is no question about that and desktop we started with Firefox
when credit standards by which to build the web a lot of people help a lot
people in this room or other organizations ... and today it Isa Khan ten runs
on a desktop browser of a need for ransom Cromme Explorer and Firefox ... in
the users for ... the same needs to happen mobile ... so ... five or so years
ago or seven years ago Steve Jobs famously said ... though mobile devices
audited by the way but the web was ready ... so ... out came the app ecosystem
unneeded piece ... and here we are with the law to work and the Web page five
is come up JavaScript performance is gonna order of magnitude or two ...
greater there was even a couple years ago we've invested a ton of energy and
web BP eyes ... so the web is ready now to create that same level playing
field for everybody to participate ... has not been the other thing is bad ...
but the web with the ten million developers ... needs to be on walk immobile
and that that's our mission what is most people may or may not know ...
actually ... um we're a non for profit ... and what we do is create ... the
Web standards and show the way such those can follow and the goal ... is to
open up the ecosystem so ... is the smartest needed ... I we've got incredible
initial traction ... and we're a resilient so Korea ... but it doesn't need to
be in either war thing I mean you guys have been so far in front Firefox
reinflated ... Goebbels bringing Chrome enjoyed why does the browser need to
be the operating system on a phone ... it's a great question and it's so
there's a there's a new once there the browser doesn't need to be purchased
from the operating system needs to incorporate the well meaning you can create
... an application or an experience in standard languages with Standard API
center but is access to ... such a piece of content worked on one device works
across the US is ... such that Discovery's easy such that multiple payment
mechanisms can be incorporated such that multiple storage ... can be accessed
... from the device ... were were not walk in or ... generally encouraged to
be in one ecosystem ... and that's that's the goal of this so ... it's not
about a browser actually ... why why is ... are any of the things you said
important individuals individuals don't care about ... the way and versus apps
I know that the big theological discussion ... in the tech ... community ...
it's absolutely meaningless to normal to people ... in any country ... not
just a Nenad states been anywhere doesn't matter to them and in fact it's been
proven ... that is like at every Sunoco I've seen as someone in the day showed
... that's preference is for using apps apps are a brilliant idea ... Steve
Jobs did not have them ... in my morning started ... with the I phone but ...
he soon took off ... whether they are written in HTML five wants across all
platforms or in ... some language that global prefers or Apple prefers who
cares there ... well so we're we're now into the new one seven outbursts is a
browser ... and most apps today frankly you however they're written ... access
was content to just present it in a much more ... context specific ...
container so here's the challenge though is ... I gave this example in
Barcelona where I'd ... download an app to book a restaurant might download a
map to look for restaurant download a map to ... check out the reviews of a
restaurant ... I had three or four options to book a dear ... I now have up I
phone in an Android device ... that the first pages most unstoppable use the
next five pages folded her in ... I never get to ... so the Abloy your
bookmarks on my blog book Firefox browser I knew ... that that that ... well
well well ... well played not mine because ... by Jen Leo book our search for
most things but ... but um ... so it's not the apps are bad or good it's the
it's the ups and the Web need to live and the Web was ... unnecessarily
blocked out generally speaking when even have I mean look we even have an API
... for ... them ... forecast ... two years ago ... so ... you know that that
a wet develop an electoral pressure look at some point you've someone them ...
was not a developer Mike in this audience ... they'll have a browser War more
than one browser on their phones even ... supposedly super controlled by bombs
have multiple browsers available on them ... I'd I'd ... been my I phone has
... sparring am from I can do it ... whichever one ... I wanna meet from
accessing the way and when I need access the web ... on my I phone and I don't
know lol ... exactly what the language is that Apple uses ... for the app some
at borrowing know is ... I actually can get an epic is read the reviews ...
the location ... the menu and coax me into the restaurant one app not buybacks
that's a little bit of a ... straw man ... that Bill are apps the two last
things here ... so ... Lululemon mummy have money taken up a level comp ...
there are apps that do lots of different things and everything there are two
billion people connected with it ... for twenty two years to get here ... the
next two billion are coming on line somewhere between four and seven ...
depending on whose record you're reading ... and and what your assumptions are
... sort of double the size of the connected world ... most of those next two
billion are coming from the developing world not the developed world ... and
half of them at least are below the poverty line they don't look at talk and
feel and think the same way ... ever in this room to us ... so ... what's
important of them it's your earlier question what matters choice matters what
they want choice and although we think there's a lot of apps today ... there
is nowhere near as many experiences as if we gone walk the ecosystem which
proved proven this on the desktop web with proven this ... on other piece of
technology one to standardize on the underlying framework ... innovation
happens but it happens in a local level ... there are people living in Brazil
will developer Brizo ... it's unlikely ... as or maybe some in this room can I
get to be convinced that for five six billion people will all get all other
online experiences for mobiles experiences from one company or to ... the
matter how delicious those companies are ... so we've got to unlock that
innovation in this gets to the heart of your pee on this was very clear in
Barcelona ... the carrier's the global carriers ... desperate for something
that would weaken the power of Apple and Google they love ... most ... third
challengers in the perfectly love you guys because you're open and they can
build on top of their debt load whatever they want on it ... aam ... but we've
been talking bout why someone would want this in the context of the
smartphones that we have ... the high-end Android with the I phone that's not
what the market you're targeting but even if the market segment you're
targeting ... in general you guys run on similar hardware slowing the Android
why is someone going to choose your device over a low in the Android ... that
they've heard about that they've seen that looks like the high-end Android
they can afford why are they gonna via Firefox OS well this to answer to that
and it's been sometime in the early days you know this is a version one
product we are with our whole mission is to stimulate ... the ecosystem just
as we did with the desktop I mean it was ninety eight percent share and
explore that ... one Mozilla was first are so there's a group of people fall
to reach a better way ... than if we credited openly created standards created
the system to build a bell for ... innovation what happened what we saw I was
one to standardize ... the Number web sites the number of experiences number
people connected exploded ... almost a vertical line ... you know the same
will happen in mobile ... and we see the world to clean Silicon Valley in the
other tech pockets like New York and ... in which see the world through ... in
a really high end device today but that doesn't exist in most of the world so
... this could be priced effectively were oblivious to things technically to
get it down the price point on a hard worker protection very meaningful ... um
but there will be others that are there to sue in the short term it's going to
be a brand appeal ... for launching areas for Firefox has a pretty strong
brand and weak and ... others to leverage off that ... over the long term it's
going to be entirely dependent on the number of core and core apps ... that I
use a little bit differently than the top is we understand today ... and and
the explosion of innovation comes as result of that ... so when will we see
these in your talk probably later this year and midyear that kind of timeframe
the news talk about the types of countries we might see it ... but where will
we see it first and land ... yet were to see it in the next to billing of the
developing world so there's out for an effective five watched countries by ...
summer June the ash conference ... and in the eleven more in the remainder of
the year ... those are all ... we showed Walter Dach of devices all the colors
backstage ... um they're all in testing preview now so what are the five ...
large country ... it's an idea to test Venezuela ... in Poland ... Brazil ...
will pull in Brazil ... aam ... Portugal ... and Spain ... as one half to
which cabinet departments to eliminate yet exactly ... um ... hit that target
... um ... it seems to me this is a big ... as is even a mention ... this is a
big ... plus for carriers that ... and ... forgive me but I think ... carriers
have actually been ... I'm not a surly the most ... progressive part of the
ecosystem of mobile that we have a mean ... that that ... that carriers ... it
does take and read for example ... carriers are part of the problem whereby
... it's difficult to get ... the latest version of the Android on your device
... they have ... internal procedures they have other ... but you know
incentives are disincentives that for some reason ... don't result in getting
the latest version of Android ... they love to put below where and what's on
your phone ... advertising their various services even if their inferior it
cares to me ... I don't really care ... I don't care that I've said we've
we've had carriers on stage said the same thing so ... the ... point ... the
point is ... up aren't you just being kind of ... the enabler of this country
... one of the cousins not want to smile Auxerre terrier I mean that's what is
it me or code is open source so anybody can take undue everyone with ... where
we have that if you will control ... to make sure that stays open to make sure
that security profiling is as it set to make the privacy settings from an ...
animation it's consistent with what you'd expect a Firefox ... is for the
brand ... if you want the Firefox owe us label unbranded to some that's
meaningful to others is not ... you it has to be open so ... the carrier can't
lock it down to control it so the updates will happen via the web ... the the
changes will happen via the website do have some ... one of your policies ...
that they can't put ... a bunch of where on ... what would be pretty
impossible for me to sit here and say that were open project and allow others
to put stuff on and ... they can pull whatever they want user can move around
depending on what they what their preferences ... um but it can be locked down
the back carrier House to remain open and consistent with all the other
patients taking a step back from Firefox to last and in the broader after the
U S and I mean it my sense is ... that Firefox AWS's one import mobile project
that you'd be almost as happy if the open web happened ... without Firefox
you've still building ... Firefox three Android it's um how well is the
industry doing at getting ... better browsers with Chrome now for mobile ...
um ... how well is that effort going he told toward having a real web on these
mobile devices is starting I mean you know I am representing ... principally
historical browser company and I can say comparably that we've got that job
... you know if you think of but just the premise of it we've developed a
browser ... a place to go explore the web ... that over time is optimized for
growing screen ... to screen on my desk at home sleep ... in the size of Pluto
... and and the browser I open it up right into a hundred things in it and are
best innovation all the brilliance that we have what is industry ... is to
take that intricate ... and put him out of the rights ... and we just haven't
ship classes to actually see which are doing so ... so it's um ... it we
haven't done a great job frankly ... no were working on and I know Google's
working on and others are working on a new browsing experience but frankly ...
I'm expecting and I'm pretty certain will happen at some point some will do an
awful ... on the wall browsing experts to change the paradigm entirely for how
to explore contest it doesn't look like a browser and all ... that might be
elements of that there might be some some micro model mean in the in the Iran
or Chrome frame of the browser ... some navigation components but it'll be ...
that of the entirely different variants and we follow fairly closely a lot of
innovation is happening there ... and there's lots of different ways to look
at some I actually ... if I pick it up there's a couple of pickup ... while
this is really different side in use in your your mobile your Intrade version
of ... Firefox ... more heavily than usual last couple weeks this ... and then
... work testing Facebook Home and in preparation for my review and ... aam
... I downloaded it ... onto that foreign embassies in quite a lot ... was
tested ... import well ... on that particular thought I was I actually was
faster than ... Chrome ... I thought ... it was good ... but it is race a
couple question to my mom one is aam ... why isn't there a Firefox prior
what's ... an ETF be because they don't allow other browsers ... as they do
allow other browsers they have Chrome ... they have a bunch of lesser ...
known ones on there ... why don't you make of Primus well ... yes so ... I O s
has a policy generally speaking without getting into specifics were you have
to use their weapons ... and our web engine is very different ... and we feel
that that web engine is really tight experienced Firefox ... the security
model the we employ a of the other things that make a unique experience ...
and frankly early on it's really in my tenure we just said we believe ...
Android in the yen is going to be the ... mass ... market device to work for
energy behind because we don't approve of policies ... and ... new Mozilla has
had a history of making those decisions and it's the right decision ... I love
the I phone I ... pledge when ten percent home income allegiance topple every
year ... and aam ... though I don't ever ask I just say it still another ten
percent cap ... but you know I would love to see for more innovation on the I
phone ... ah but on the Android device it's much more open so were able to get
that on there we just refuse to make the policy switched to rethink to a
compromise that and then my second question was ... if the browser is gonna
have this ... radical transformation and you showed me backstage and I guess I
don't know we have it here but ... that the browser or that the with the
Beastie experiences on your ... your new alas ... aam looked like gaps in ...
in in the sense the user might not ... be a ... think of it is on now on in a
browser ... why is your Android browser still look like a ... browser ... well
up because people will want a browser I knew a general way to look at content
on the web ... worse on the allin pics we saw the reports recently a couple
weeks ago that the percentage of time and ... content that people are looking
for three general Webster for school ... browser ... ISI's is growing ... up
after also growing so ... aam ... though the whole last the idea behind us is
you can create an action on JavaScript ... and the icon new house ... is just
... the Standard icon that you'd load on your homepage when you click it your
web experience the work top line of local data stored in a caption The kept a
wary of the of that I don't have an internet connection Mike Tyler apathy to
give me a forum know I hope not ... thus far the prototype style just fine ...
and then by the way the same as a as a map if you if you're doing a reader out
or if you're doing some of the other apps that come ... stock on the device
itself they'll work offline ... so there's that guy ... Denmark's second
Burgundy heard him and know ... well he runs is come to call things but ...
and he called he actually codes of self and ... he ... employs lots of people
that Cody condos I think we stopped at on this ... and he has said publicly
and I've talked to middling privately and that it ... that Pierre they've lost
in his opinion the year to year and a half ... of time on mobile book as they
were so in ten I'm doing exactly what you are and to a ... building it in HTML
five ... so they didn't have to build a separate Android one separate Iowa
swung a separate BlackBerry and ... Windows Phone and ... whatever other
platforms that were they reached a bill that wants ... to be out there for
everything and it ... wasn't very good ... and he said that was a mistake and
it's not ready yet ... that rules are in theory at experiences in theory at
... we had to backtrack ... and build needed Lee on everybody's platform ...
now force ... on Android he's building the set to Wade through takes the fun
over here ... but it still ... bill ... T Android's ... SDK ... he I Wes was
built to theirs ... how can he be in ... such a different place than you on
this question will you is using the right fiscal years ago as I said earlier
the web wasn't ready ... so ... the content was there ... aam but the
performance on the device the API is more standard in work performance ... you
couldn't run off from Weisel Marquez just blown this he's he's ... he's ...
just up with it and he'd be okay ... well that that different business drivers
I don't purport to know ... yet um ... where Facebook's business travelers are
... but over time the web will be ready the web is much better today than it
was two years ago ... now ... what he was commenting on and you are
organizations in fact ... a lot of people of what was going down to Facebook
including St Redfern Mike shaver and others ... and that they're doing great
work over there ... and then still firmly believe in the web so over time this
isn't to which one wins everthing else loses ... this will live this over time
is gonna be something that ... grows and ... so today the web isn't a much
better place that was two years ago ... much better place with much better
performance to the GP is on the device with much better promise for
performance ... with BP eyes are actually approachable one standardized
generally ... have been an amended yet were approved in the Derby three C but
... aam ... they're coming and so ... you know you're good to from now it's
can be very different story again so no I mean he's he's got it up to the to
do what they have to do for their ... user base but this first the web is
concerned ... he's even come out with common top of that that ... might take a
majority of their traffic still comes from ... a while ... so the webs the
webs getting there it's not there yet but it's improving its getting to a
better place next couple years going in to get better ... next to billion or
coming online ... the Web is getting better the mobile Web is getting better
sounds like an exciting time to be a browser company ... what why and what
really happened ... well ... you know human is a ... I learned in college
nearly zero honest if the party for too long ... you make your interest again
and I was cars changes in three years ago Sen Reid Hoffman agreements that ...
despite two three year time ... we got some fun no change to make me ...
Mozilo was a couple hundred people in a browser ... you were in version three
... so ... now we re architect and remove every six weeks we've grown were
well over a thousand people significantly in revenue ... going to the heart of
it to mobile ... now it's about growth as a community the same since the
muzzle is packed sandwiches ... this is time for me to move on other things a
little ... back to my roots so ... incredibly proud is no magic that I mean
we've been having this discussion for quite some time ... since the dad
started frankly ... so rather than going here for another cycle where things
actually ... we rev up and get deep in the operation curve I committed to the
partners in ... an all of the organization I would stay through the land the
first devices and then reassess ... and it's ... it's where does now ... now
one thing unique about Mozilla is ... it's all very disingenuous to do any of
this discussion on the back ... row Crutcher ... so instead just as we did
when the previous he left Mexico which aired on the open ... so that's what
the statement of intent is ... and it's on ... it's exactly that its statement
of at some point later in the year to clean up was launched the devices were
to make a leadership transition ... what how that exactly functions and who
actually comes in to replace the were just starting on my now you ... can ask
you a question about openness and encourage ... openness warning these words
... that ... people use for their own ... he picked the wrong destination ...
aam ... and as I said before I think he gets into ... what I like to call
computer theology to some extent ... because ... BP of a platform and it has a
parrot thousand apps in it ... that's pretty open to most people ... even its
large and if that well so ... I'm when we could make a nap ... I probably
couldn't that you can really make a nap or ... we did actually there's a Dive
Into Mobile hours dive Into Mobile App weekend having to take the problem
doing that you know we ... are summoned to do it but ... it added up there and
... most apps to sail right through ... so ... aam ... isn't it my question
really is ... any Rubin you say ... and still would stay ... as said on our
stage ... many times that this is Intrade is completely help ... is an Android
to be open ... well ... there isn't a standard tools of her creation framework
... so ... I mean does that mean it's not open ... the door so it's open and
that definition but it's not a span of this and agreed to ... a piece of
content can run their import on other devices ... he's the content doesn't
represent the user represents them ... and it's it's it's not impossible but
it's hard to do on a the other platforms multiple payment comes to me can be
done but it's ... it's not not trivial ... and app stores in all the rest of
things are blossoming of now ... aam and ... do we have to build an ecosystem
for a the ... platforms that our ... city got a few hundred thousand five six
... you know growing ... developer ecosystem ... there's a hundred for a ten
million ... web developers to bed that can be unlocked ... so you know I think
it struck an interesting point it's not about Oprah not opening when we say
this is rather like you and you've been using the word open so ... that I
called Android open for the app ecosystem Cerny much more than Apple's system
... so I'm the one taking questions from the audience if you have a question
... we have a public phone to believe him when to ... start lining up but um I
did a good one ask you know obviously the US is not the target market for
Firefox alas ... that said ... inversely you talk about it so watch market by
... two thousand fourteen year track to bring in here ... there was one name
that you guys drop to the event we haven't heard he ... can find out anymore
there and we haven't heard a peep since spread was listed as a partner in out
what is their role in in Firefox alas so Sprint is a partner they have
indicated a desire to launch when the first devices that come to the U S ...
to make sense for us to launch around the world to play ... the other is the
high end mobile device that's ... rather large ... penetration in the state so
... putting in a version one relative to that didn't think anybody would ...
win at that point ... so we have to ... get a version to version three Sprint
will be like car for us in twenty fourteen is time for ... well you know as
the Fed make your way to the microphone get questions like these somebody's
gotta have a family raising their hands that they ... had a good question
Getty ... seven years ago and human and Steve Jobs ... found awarded ... in
the mobile user experience and to the violence in Android ... and and uses
jumped on it because they found that in the week if they found it helpful ...
and in the used it because at that point ... right ... aam seven years from
now means today you are into using aam was the lowest full mobile ...
contending that the bed ... it is ready to explode ... but I believe that war
it has been Pharaohs ... The and uses happy ... is there that big ... the
reason for people to jump onto your of bad boy yes I mean we are ... most of
the boy yes ... because that boy that she has been felt ... while the boy as
we see it as you portend has been felt ... there's always an important
technology moves ... but but it'll all be dependent on the explosion of
content at me what I love about this is what we see is a lot of content ...
but it is a fraction of the content that needs to be consuming five doing
people come on line ... I get back to my regional ... assertion ... it's
impossible for me to believe that five billion people are gonna get apps from
one store or one ecosystem I can get there ... we may be wrong it would lower
the one we of we do these four five okay ... so here's another of his others
to question the dive of the mall was faced with witches ... the apple into
both an amazing job of building easy to suspend great ... useful products ...
using both ... I can't decide but ... I'm conflicted ... but the ... everybody
else trying to build an ecosystem ... and scale against these two incredible
companies with ... deep pockets and this head start ... but you don't
understand how all that is going and how that's can a Bloomberg and five six
seven ecosystems ... all tearing at the developers to create unique
experiences for their devices ... it just doesn't pencil to me ... so we've
got a couple EU forces doesn't derail should go way but ... but I've that part
of the ecosystem I don't get it all so to me doesn't it isn't in our
collective benefit ... but everybody pulling it to developers insane unity
wanna shop here here here here for the same app ... this may Census not with
the is in the year's best and so over time that will be a calm denominator ...
by the way I believe you know not that ... Wilson who was terribly approval
would cap their ... very quickly an inner web companies below the web and a
lot of good things for the web ... um so this isn't the case for Mozilla
passed away and others lose ... the web is what we are about this isn't a
market share it ... I Gary Johnson is here on the question on how ... the
strategy difference for ... what Home did for five years ago and their
centering on web technologies in their lives ... I think they know well the
last and they said they were building in around standard web technologies and
... it didn't didn't like the guys that I mean it just a ... follow up ... I'd
say that ... those folks what how Aeon get developers toward ... who are
focused on I lesson and redeveloping in they said ... they're different
developers whether the leaves the Web developer summit companies ... is this
is a Women ... face than ... that ... except for the fact that it wasn't worth
it ... Anita westmall to have dinner there is that it was an open there were
proprietary API as it was close ... to their faces the same counter just
outlined ... he was kind of sorta maybe a little bit but ... not enough ...
and so that they eat this for the dip to tell him that in Japan ... because
the lower at the time of walk in his last ... economically ... so they didn't
do it ... and therefore they didn't get the result ... and ... um ... that's
unfortunate because it was a very useful I find very useful unless but ...
again the conflicting at ... that developers without putting the money behind
it actually when he was ... a ... lot of websites love the way it is fairly
static in ... so I'm trying to steal hundreds of people boxer ... in time and
so it's the popular apps to run ... on Android and we need for leave deep
level access thinks the less to do the ... audio processing network via do ...
which is this the would you be fighting that have is access for apps ... and
... secondly your thoughts more broadly about any apps that have to do more
than just for ... show because of a webpage ... yet it's a great question and
it is a reason why when I said earlier the what was already that's the essence
that was a mini a pianist or just not develop ... in me still today we've got
a little bit of it but it's much further on its wouldn't have access to love
the low-level API is ... that you mention ... and and or ulu to ... today
that's very different and and Firefox so last ... we have built in stand
around our process to standardize and twenty five twenty seven different yes
... so things like taking a picture camera rotation yet that's what always
should explain ... cases something or doesn't allow ... an API is quite how
would you say the BBC programming interfaces just the way you write ... to the
device so that you can access other software control something a member
hardware or Hitler or in the morning ... for ... the plug here is an API
electrical system soon if the hardware and ... okay so ... here for the of the
stand the more standard we have a more efficient they are ... the the battle
the wind is not all ... all done with those API is and I know ... that you
know this new realizing has already it's not all quite there yet ... the web
is there the device will be there ... we have built in the eyes but they're
not the extent he needs to get deep into the ... sound while the sound
capabilities of hardware ... it is big enough to work with you directly or is
it all hours or on public depends on what he wants to do but know there are
deep sound API is that that we can point to the vertigo ... and they were ...
two years and one two years ... and am liking this had the camera on the ...
accelerometer a latte blood of the basic functions ... we're just not built as
a web API so Web developer can access that function easily ... they could do
magic and ... heavy lifting and get there but it was painful ... okay ... I
tougher here um ... I'm all bought in on the way in fact it out and then sold
the company with eighteen months ago ... the Liesel final last ... and one of
things I think it's come a long way in the last year ... and one other things
or if you comment on is ... how the desktop and the browsers on the desktop
... the week as it in the servo eating with them skip the man ... and that and
will not coming out and receive for their own ... the advantage of the last
... year seeing this now lot of developers is a million developers that
developing ... know whether developing may be needed applications from
immobile for desktop the developing apps that people can feel like a ... a
native application of losing the browser in the war theaters are doing ... to
really push the browser forward ... unknown I hear you saying you know within
two times of native importing in religion ... and how the movement on the
desktop which we think of you is the sub dad ... about that is in a gives life
to the immobile Browse ecosystem and I know because ... I know that's a good
question but there was a lot of ... piano in ... the article ... gave more
important ... than all up I mean what what is he talking about and yes yes so
... that I think we ... are the essence of it is ... every browser is built on
an engine a web mention actually renders a content as a bunch of things ...
are engine is called Getco ... and ... and servo the thing that he is talking
about is a ... next generation browser engine that we are detecting renders
the page it actually makes yet among other things but we are building that in
for the future of computing ... because we they'll be for performance ... it's
very experimental ... so you know that's effectively respond about ... mobile
... awful much that they do these projects all time ... so we publish recently
that our initiative though what is really saying is ... is that applications
that you download on the desktop they can run ... and look and feel like a
native application ... the solat for user the thing the reason the character
not controlled by the browser Chrome the navigation ... we can actually build
the web experience New York Times doesn't ... where your actual navigation is
decided by whoever builds the page to all the controls are in the page ... the
browser frame if you will just goes away ... so the line between application
and ... web pages ... gone ... and and people don't even ... need to be
concerned about it they can just write what we don't see an almond desktop as
well as on the desktop that they can right click on that experience and do
something called thinness out of ... that stays up including notifications if
they get ... but didn't e-mails a good example you competitive map app
notifications will go to the paddock to get in the metals sector ... so it's
there ... in the user should know but it shouldn't care but it should just be
usable ... and that's the mobile experience it's also being developed and
launched the Firefox O s ... the line between a browser and a web page and now
... that she should just go with the user doesn't need to care about that and
when will it ... effectively go when the lives of ... the people Misra ...
bottle start in June when the devices are on ... the June in those countries
in a and and and two thousand fourteen in the last two dozen Fortune the red
... Up Next Editor Picks 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign if Asked
1/4/2019 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News for President Trump?
1/4/2019 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 3:35
China Makes Historic Moon Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 More →
Editor Picks 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of the House of
Representatives 1/3/2019 The new Democratic-controlled House elected Nancy
Pelosi as speaker of the House on Thursday amid a battle with President Trump
over border-wall funding. Photo: Getty 2:56 Businesses Prepare for Prospect of
'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New
Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:43 Trump Sticks to Border Wall Demands as
Shutdown Continues 1/2/2019 6:03PM 24:45 Safe Haven: One Family's Journey
After Hurricane Florence 12/31/2018 3:24PM More → More → Moving Upstream 9:56
Electric Scooters: Israel’s Two-Wheeled Solution to Traffic and Sabbath
12/20/2018 Electric-scooter rental companies are hitting speed bumps in the
U.S. over safety and other concerns. But in Tel Aviv, one in 10 residents has
rented a Bird e-scooter, and the city appears to be embracing them. WSJ’s
Jason Bellini takes a look at the challenges and potential lessons of the
e-scooter craze. 0:54 Tasting the World’s First Test-Tube Steak 12/11/2018
5:30AM 9:58 High Insulin Prices Drive Diabetics to Take Extreme Measures
12/3/2018 5:30AM 9:57 Facial Recognition Tech Aims to Identify Good and Evil
11/19/2018 5:30AM 9:54 The Future of Flight: AI in the Cockpit 11/12/2018
5:30AM More → Recommended for you 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News
For President Trump? 1/4/2019 The government released a blockbuster jobs
report despite a trade war with China and a partial government shutdown. WSJ's
Gerald F. Seib explains what this report means for President Trump. Photo:
Getty 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 8:53PM 1:42
Holtz-Eakin: The Fed Has Not Overdone It 1/4/2019 10:00PM 1:41 The Opposite
Sides of the Shutdown Talks 1/4/2019 5:49PM 3:35 China Makes Historic Moon
Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 9:08AM 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell
Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019 11:52AM 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of
the House of Representatives 1/3/2019 4:40PM 2:56 Businesses Prepare for
Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim
Jong Un's New Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:04 Trump Slams Mattis Over
Afghanistan 1/2/2019 5:07PM 4:43 Didn't Get the Job? The Robots May Not Have
Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018 7:00AM More → Featured Content
11:59 Violence Made Her Flee. Now She’s at the Border 12/28/2018 Fleeing
violence from her hometown in Honduras, Gabriela Rodriguez traveled thousands
of miles with her daughter to the Mexico - U.S. border in Tijuana. The Wall
Street Journal followed her as she weighed her options to cross into the U.S.,
hoping to leave behind her past. Photo/Video: Jake Nicol/WSJ 6:30 The Struggle
to Keep a Son's Promise 12/31/2018 7:00AM 9:35 What Trump Did to Silence
Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal 11/9/2018 12:33PM 8:53 How Scammers in China
Manipulate Amazon 12/17/2018 5:55AM 9:18 Chefs Speak Out on Mental Health in
the Restaurant Industry 11/12/2018 12:28PM More → More → Tech 4:43 Didn't Get
the Job? The Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018
DeepSense, based in San Francisco and New Delhi, uses artificial intelligence
to assess job candidates’ personalities based on their social media accounts.
WSJ’s Jason Bellini tested the tool. 9:39 Cold Pursuits: A Scientist's Quest
to Uncover Antarctica's Secrets 12/29/2018 12:00PM 3:26 Facial Recognition
Spurs Privacy Concerns, Even Among Its Creators 12/24/2018 10:59AM 2:40 Easy
Upgrades for Your Family's TV 12/23/2018 8:30AM 4:59 Where Amazon Reviews
Really Come From 12/20/2018 8:50AM More → More → Life & Culture 2:21 The
Secret to World Famous Carrot Cake (Hint: Jail) 12/25/2018 This Christmas at
the Rikers Island jail complex, inmates and the staff are looking forward to a
special treat from the jails’ bakery. We went inside. Photo: Natalia V.
Osipova/The Wall Street Journal 4:21 Three Boys Explain Why They Play Fortnite
Every Chance They Get 12/21/2018 8:00AM 4:03 Your Home Needs a Robot Vacuum
12/16/2018 8:30AM 3:43 Lab-Grown Meat Prompts Rabbis to Consider the
Impossible: Kosher Bacon 12/14/2018 3:36PM 4:32 'Beam Me Up, Scotty:' A 'Star
Trek' Home in Silicon Valley 12/6/2018 10:00AM More → More → Sponsored 2:21
Sponsored Am I Doing What I Love? 9/22/2016 11:59PM 1:00 Sponsored Golf's Data
Revolution 9/9/2016 2:16PM 1:30 Sponsored How Worldly Experiences Can Shape
One's Success 1/24/2018 27:34 Sponsored Creating the Future Workforce
1/17/2017 3:39PM More → More → Marketwatch, Moneyish and Barron's 2:30 How
automated digital payroll will change the way employees get paid 1/3/2019
Here's how the 'consumerization' of payroll could affect when and how you
receive your paycheck. 3:56 When a couple with opposite attitudes about money
buys a house 1/3/2019 7:00AM 3:18 AI could transform the world. Here's what's
holding it back 1/2/2019 7:03AM 1:06 A personality test expert assesses
Hillary Clinton and Warren Buffett 1/2/2019 7:00AM 3:09 Why the banking
industry will spend $100bn in cloud services by 2019 12/28/2018 7:10AM More →
The Wall Street Journal Digital Network WSJ.com WSJ Video MarketWatch.com
Barrons.com BigCharts.com Virtual Stock Exchange About About Content
Partnerships Advertising Advertise Locally Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data
Policy Your Ad Choices Copyright Policy Tools Tablet Edition Podcasts RSS
Feeds WSJ on Twitter WSJ on Facebook Help Help Customer Service Contact Us
Global Support WSJ Podcasts ViewWSJ Videoon WSJ Video Home Topics Browse
Videos Programs Events Content from Sponsors View WSJ Video On