WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Exclusive: Aneel Bhusri’s Workday Raises $85
Million at a Whopping $2 Billion Valuation October 24, 2011 at 5:58 am PT
Tweet Share Print Aneel BhusriIt’s beginning to look like this whole
enterprise software-in-the-cloud thing might just go somewhere. For the latest
evidence, look no further than Workday, the fast-growing provider of human
resources software as a service. Today, Workday will announce that it has just
raised $85 million in new financing, bringing its total amount of capital
raised to $250 million. Sources familiar with the terms of the deal tell me
that the investments value Workday at $2 billion. The funding round isn’t
coming from traditional venture capital players, but from institutional
investors who will want to be shareholders of Workday when it goes public in
the second half of next year. The round, which is being described as a Series
F, includes T. Rowe Price, Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Janus, and
Bezos Expeditions, the personal investment entity of Amazon CEO and founder
Jeff Bezos. I’m also told, by sources familiar with the deal, that William
Danoff, the manager of Fidelity’s $80 billion Contrafund, the mutual fund
giant’s largest stock-based fund, has participated in this funding round. This
would be the Contrafund’s third recent investment in a privately held Internet
company, the other two being Facebook and Zynga. In fact, it’s the same group
of funds that took part in a huge round with social gaming force Zynga in
February; in Groupon in January; and which earlier this year bought nearly
three million shares of Facebook for $25 each. Previous investors include Dave
Duffield and Greylock Partners, who are in for $90 million across four rounds;
and New Enterprise Associates, which joined a $75 million Series E round in
2009. Why raise from institutionals and not VCs? “Because Workday is going to
go public, and probably before the end of next year,” Bhusri told me. “Rather
than do a round that adds an overhang to the existing capital structure, this
is a group of investors who will likely buy more in the IPO,” he said. “In
some ways, it’s an early debut of an IPO.” And while there’s no S-1 filing
from Workday to peruse just yet, Bhusri told me that Workday is growing plenty
fast. Having disclosed $160 million in billings in 2010, Workday, he says, is
on track to do twice that — or about $320 million in 2011 — and that it’s
close to breaking even. So this round of capital is insurance. With the world
economy so out of joint, if no logical window for an IPO emerges in 2012 — a
reasonable worry — then Workday won’t be forced, should the need arise, to
raise more capital in a difficult market. So what is Workday, exactly? For the
answer, you have to turn the clock back to 2004, when the software giant
Oracle made its initial hostile bid to take over PeopleSoft. Bhusri was a
senior executive and co-chairman of PeopleSoft’s board. After losing the
battle to resist Oracle, he and co-founder Dave Duffield decided that the next
battle for enterprise software would be in the cloud. Workday was born within
months of their departure from PeopleSoft. The plan, Bhusri says, was to
create the next generation of PeopleSoft’s software, or the next generation of
SAP’s Human Resources and Enterprise Resource planning software — essentially,
software that businesses need to run day to day. But rather than deliver it in
the traditional manner — run it on machines at the customer’s location — it’s
all delivered via the cloud. “It’s as if you were going to start over with a
clean sheet of paper and design this kind of software all over again,” Bhusri
says. And Workday’s customers aren’t exactly small players. Its average
customer has between 10,000 and 15,000 employees. Among its 250-odd customers,
the biggest is Flextronics, the huge electronics manufacturing company, which
has 200,000 employees. Other customers include Time Warner, Thomson Reuters,
Chiquita Brands, and perhaps unsurprisingly, Salesforce.com. There are some
two million employees on the system. All that after only four years of
actively selling the product. And what Workday sells is a system that tends
not to get replaced very often in large companies — perhaps once a decade.
That gives the company an advantage when it asks for contract commitments that
last three years; most cloud companies offer their services on a pay-as-you-go
basis. Workday’s targets are Bhusri’s old customers who bought PeopleSoft
software to run their businesses one product generation back, and also those
who run SAP software. So when a new customer signs on it’s usually one or the
other being displaced. Other rivals include Lawson, Infor and, occasionally,
the payroll giant ADP. The typical new customer, Bhusri said, is using one of
those other platforms and is ready to upgrade. “To upgrade to the newest
version, they get a price quote that’s so high they start looking for a better
way,” he says. “That’s when they find us.” And Workday isn’t sitting still
with HR software. Its next battle will be in financial planning software that
companies rely on to handle money — accounting, expenses, procurement. Workday
already has 50 customers running the financial stuff. Once they try Workday’s
HR, they like what they see, making for an easy upsell. Others just swap out
both the HR and financial parts in one go, Bhusri said. And the competitive
targets are the same as well: Oracle and SAP. One wonders if they aren’t just
a little worried. Tagged with: Aneel Bhusri, Bezos Expeditions, cloud
computing, Contrafund, Dave Duffield, enterprise software, ERP, Facebook,
Fidelity, Financial planning, financing, human capital management, human
resources, institutional investors, Janus, Jeff Bezos, Marc Benioff, Morgan
Stanley, Oracle, PeopleSoft, Salesforce.com, T. Rowe Price, venture capital,
William Danoff, Workds, Zynga Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version