WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Stealth Networking Startup VIPtela Raises $33
Million From Sequoia December 10, 2013 at 7:43 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s
a new stealth mode company to start watching in the software-defined
networking space, and it is already raising some significant money. Sources
familiar with the matter tell AllThingsD that VIPtela, a networking startup
based in San Jose, Calif., has secured a $33 million investment from Sequoia
Capital in a deal led by the firm’s managing partner, Michael Goguen. A source
at the company confirmed that Sequoia has made an investment (it even says so
on its relatively bare website), but declined to confirm the amount. Sequoia
declined to comment beyond also confirming that it had made an investment in
VIPtela; it, too, declined to specify the amount. VIPtela’s founders come from
some big names in the networking world. CEO Amir Khan spent three years as a
product manager at Juniper Networks, and five years in a similar role at Cisco
Systems. CTO Khalid Raza was a distinguished technologist at Hewlett-Packard
for a year and change, following almost 18 years at Cisco. Other early
employees hail from Alcatel-Lucent by way of a startup called TiMetra, which
it acquired in 2003. The company is staying mum about what it’s working on.
The aim appears to be helping large companies use software to build more agile
and more secure wide-area networks. With all the new demands they’re facing —
between access to cloud services, and scores of different mobile devices —
they’re finding that their existing networks just aren’t quite as flexible as
they’d like. One emphasis will be on reducing the operational costs of running
these networks, sources familiar with the company’s plans tell me. A second
emphasis will be put on enabling new methods to connect to cloud services. And
a third is on security — specifically, reducing the complexity of adding
strong encryption to the mix when connecting between different networks.
VIPtela’s public statements have been few. On LinkedIn, it describes itself as
“… working on innovative, customer endorsed solutions for the computer
networking market. Our vision is to simplify and transform the networking
industry.” It has a Twitter account, but hasn’t tweeted yet. Tagged with: Amir
Khan, Cisco Systems, cloud computing, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Juniper Networks,
Khalid Raza, Michael Goguen, networking, security, Sequoia Capital, software
defined networking, software defined networks, stealth mode, vIPtela, wide-
area networks Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31,
2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for
Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery
Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as
Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware
Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at
1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version