WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl T. Rowe Price Reiterates Opposition to Dell
Buyout July 15, 2013 at 12:12 pm PT Tweet Share Print With only three days
left before a shareholder vote, Brian Rogers, the CEO of mutual fund company
T. Rowe Price, just reiterated his opposition to the $24.4 billion leveraged
buyout of computing giant Dell. In a brief statement just issued, Rogers said:
“We continue to believe the proposed buyout does not reflect the value of Dell
and we do not intend to support the offer as put forward.” Through its mutual
fund portfolio, T. Rowe Price owns a little more than four percent of Dell
shares. When combined with the holdings of Carl Icahn, Southeastern Asset
Management, Yacktman Asset Management and Pzena Investment Management,
shareholders controlling a little more than 18 percent of shares outstanding
have publicly opposed the buyout proposed by CEO Michael Dell and private
equity firm Silver Lake. What’s interesting is that no new names among the
Dell institutional shareholder base have stood up to publicly oppose the
buyout. Glass Lewis, the proxy advisory firm, estimated without elaborating
that about 20 percent of shareholders will vote against the deal. It may not
matter. A lot of the institutional money in Dell shares is tied up with index
fund that vote their proxy authority in line with what advisory firms like
Glass Lewis and Institutional Shareholder Services advise. So far the
Dell/Silver Lake proposal is running the table on that front, having secured
three endorsements. That said, the deal is still no slam dunk and the voting
is expected to be close. Tagged with: Brian Rogers, Carl Icahn, Dell, Michael
Dell, Pzena Investment Management, Silver Lake, Southeaster Asset Management,
T. Rowe Price, Yacktman Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version