WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl The Mystery of the Google Barge Is Over, and
the Answer Is Kind of Boring November 6, 2013 at 12:26 pm PT Tweet Share Print
Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesIt was fun not knowing, but today Google took the
mystery away from exactly what it’s doing on a barge in San Francisco Bay, and
another floating in Portland, Maine. It’s not a floating party platform. It’s
not a rival to the Apple Store. In a Google statement to Techcrunch, the
company put an end to speculation: Google Barge … A floating data center? A
wild party boat? A barge housing the last remaining dinosaur? Sadly, none of
the above. Although it’s still early days and things may change, we’re
exploring using the barge as an interactive space where people can learn about
new technology. Since Daniel Terdiman of CNET first wrote about the mysterious
structure moored off Treasure Island and ferreted out documents pointing to
Google as its owner, the nation has been understandably curious about its
purpose, even more so when the second one materialized in Maine. Could an
armada of floating Google somethings be far behind? Google — naturally — was
totally mum, requiring even the U.S. Coast Guard to sign a non-disclosure
agreement in order to carry out a routine inspection, leaving imaginative
types — including AllThingsD’s John Paczkowski — to let their imaginations run
wild. The Los Angeles Times seems to have come closest to the truth, noting
that reporters digging through the paperwork had all apparently focused on the
wrong lease, and that the correct one pretty clearly spelled out the barge’s
true purpose. So that’s that: “An interactive space.” It’s like being invited
to what you think is the coolest, most exclusive party ever, and getting there
only to learn it’s really just a policy seminar with a glossy invitation.
Tagged with: Apple, barge, Google, main, Portland, retail, San Francisco Bay
Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am
PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December
30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December
30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped
Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by
Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version