WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka “Use a Bear, if Possible.” Viral Video Tips From the
Dollar Shave Club Dude. April 19, 2012 at 11:30 am PT Tweet Share Print We all
know the story of the Dollar Shave Club video. It was really funny, it went
viral, and it helped the razor-selling start-up that created it make a huge
splash. So the lesson here is clear: If you want your start-up to break out
from the pack, you need a viral video — five million YouTube views and
counting — too. Right? Right. Except you probably can’t make a viral video.
Because if it were easy to do it, then everyone would do it. Still, you can
improve your odds. Dollar Shave CEO Michael Dubin stopped by the Ad Age
conference this week (he was picking up a “Viral Video” award) and gave us a
couple minutes and a couple tips. One how-to he could have mentioned to me
beforehand — don’t shoot your stuff in a stairwell. Side note: The thing I
find most interesting about the Dollar Shave Club video is that Dubin had the
video before he had the start-up: He shot a rough cut of the clip last fall
and used that as part of his funding pitch. And once he rounded up his money —
from the likes of Andreessen Horowitz and Kleiner Perkins — he figured he’d
use the clip as an ancillary bit of media, not his primary launch tool. His
backers set him straight, he says. “They told me, ‘The video is the thing,'”
he says. And they were right. Tagged with: Andreessen Horowitz, Dollar Shave
Club, Kleiner Perkins, Michael Dubin, viral video, Web video, YouTube Twitter
Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and
Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your
Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More
Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service
ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the
Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD
War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version