WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Facebook Takes on Twitter by Courting Celebrities,
Building Twittery Tools August 7, 2013 at 9:00 am PT Tweet Share Print When
Channing Tatum wanted to publish the first picture of his new baby in June, he
didn’t go to People or Us Magazine. Instead, he posted on his Facebook page.
And when Andy Murray won a surprise victory in Wimbledon in July, he headed
straight to Facebook, where he hosted a Q&A; with his fans. That’s not a
coincidence. Facebook has been ramping up its efforts to get more famous
people using the site. In recent months it has bulked up a global team tasked
with courting and hand-holding stars; in some cases, it offers incentives for
those who post. It’s all part of a bigger push to encourage more “public”
content on the site, beyond the stuff only you and your friends care about.
Facebook wants you to spend more time talking about things in the news, or
stuff you see on TV. And it would like you to pay attention to things your
favorite celebrities do on the site. In other words: Facebook is acting more
like Twitter. Facebook officials won’t say that out loud. They cast their
moves as a response to user behavior that has existed on the site for a long
time, which is reasonable enough. But some will privately concede the Twitter
parallels. And Twitter management is certainly taking notice. Acting a bit
like Twitter might not be a terrible idea. Advertisers are happy enough with
Facebook — they’re on track to spend more than $6 billion on the social
network this year — but marketers and TV networks seem intrigued with
Twitter’s approach, as well. So why not take a few pages from that playbook,
even if you don’t want to say that’s what you’re doing? Which explains the
Twitter-like tools and features Facebook has rolled out in recent months:
“Verified” accounts to let users know that a famous person’s profile is
legitimate; “hashtags” to help group conversations around the same topic; and
embeddable posts, which let interesting things that happen on Facebook also
appear on blogs and other sites. Later today, Facebook plans to introduce
another Twitterish feature. It will start experimenting with “Trending Topics”
— a billboard that highlights things lots of Facebook users are talking about.
In Facebook’s version, which it said it will test with a small percentage of
U.S. users on the company’s mobile website, users will see a banner flagging a
particular topic. If they click on it, they’ll see what some of their friends
are saying about it, and then they’ll see comments and posts from people they
don’t know. Justin Osofsky, the Facebook executive who oversees platform
partnerships and is heading up the “public” push, said the company isn’t
trying to move Facebook away from its original mission — connecting users with
people they know. But he said that lots of people are already using Facebook
to sound off about politics, or TV shows, or celebrities. Like Facebook users
who generated 65 million “Likes” and comments about the Oscars on the day of
this year’s awards show. The new initiative, he said, will help Facebook
“unlock and surface the conversation about shared interests that’s already
happening.” And if it can spark more conversations, even better. Facebook has
always helped celebrities navigate the site, and at times has had various
outreach programs, including some led by Mark Zuckerberg’s sister Randi. But
earlier this year, Osofsky expanded the team that works with stars, from four
people to “more than 10.” Among the new hires is Glenn Miller, who had
formerly been in charge of digital strategy at the CAA talent agency. Talent
managers and agents say they’ve heard a lot more from Facebook reps in the
past few months. (Of course, they continue to hear from Twitter and other tech
companies, too: Last week, Twitter CEO Dick Costolo and product head Michael
Sippey made the rounds in Hollywood.) Nick Grudin, who heads up Facebook’s
talent team, said its main job is to encourage “best practices” for celebs who
want to use Facebook, like posting candid thoughts and pictures. (An example
Grudin loves: Kobe Bryant’s impassioned, late-night ramblings after a season-
ending injury.) Grudin’s team will also let them know about some of the ways
Facebook can help increase their profile on the site, like exposure on
Facebook-controlled pages such as this one. In a few cases, Grudin said,
Facebook has used advertising inventory to help promote a celebrity’s Facebook
page or presence. And for one star, he said, the company provided a
photographer to take “behind the scenes” shots at a sporting event; Grudin
said Facebook might consider doing that again. Facebook is also being louder
about the fact that all of this is happening on its site. Last month it
announced, via social TV tracker Trendrr, that it has much more TV chatter
than Twitter does. That’s not surprising, given the fact that Facebook has a
billion users and Twitter has 200 million, but the announcement still riled
Twitter employees. Expect Facebook to keep beating the drum at the same time
it courts talents and urges its users to talk among themselves. Said Osofsky:
“This is an area of strategic importance for us.” Tagged with: advertising,
Andy Murray, celebrities, Channing Tatum, Dick Costolo, Facebook, Google,
Hollywood, Justin Osofsky, Michael Sippey, Nick Grudin, People, TV, Twitter,
US Magazine Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While
You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost)
No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays!
Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT
Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White
Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version