WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Former HP CEO Shifts Blame for Autonomy Deal
to Chairman December 13, 2012 at 5:26 pm PT Tweet Share Print Ever since
Hewlett-Packard said it would write off $5 billion for Autonomy, the British
software firm for which it paid north of $11 billion last year, a lot of blame
has been cast on Léo Apotheker, the CEO who led HP at the time. Today, for
some reason, he decided to reach out to Bloomberg News with an emailed
statement. The point? Apparently to remind the world that he wasn’t the only
one making decisions at the time regarding the deal that ultimately cost him
his job. According to the Bloomberg report, Apotheker says that “no single CEO
is ever able to make a decision on a major acquisition in isolation,
particularly at a company as large as HP — and certainly not without the full
support of the chairman of the board.” He then turns his guns on Chairman Ray
Lane, without mentioning him by name: “The HP board, led by its chairman, met
many times to review the acquisition and unanimously supported the deal, as
well as the underlying strategic objective to bolster HP’s market presence in
enterprise data.” Indeed, he has a point. It’s also worth remembering that the
board at the time included HP’s current CEO, Meg Whitman, who took over the
job in the wake of Apotheker’s ouster less than a month after the Autonomy
deal was announced. There was more to call Apotheker’s competence into
question that day — Aug. 18, 2011 — that contributed toward his stint as CEO
being cut short. HP fell short on earnings, and he also launched the ill-fated
effort to spin off the PC unit as a separate company, and killed the Palm
handheld and tablet unit acquired only a year earlier by his predecessor Mark
Hurd. Clearly, Apotheker doesn’t like getting all the blame for the deal. Lane
was certainly at the table, and lent his support for it. And, for that matter,
so was Whitman. Consider yourself reminded. Tagged with: accounting, Autonomy,
Hewlett-Packard, HP, Léo Apotheker, Meg Whitman, mergers and acquisitions,
Mike Lynch, Ray Lane, write-off Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version