WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Erik Caso, CEO, younity The Cloud’s Dirty Little Secret February 14,
2013 at 11:14 am PT Tweet Share Print Image copyright PakhnyushchaThe cloud
has a dirty little secret: It is expensive. These days, it seems as soon as
some new technology begins to gain traction, VCs and journalists herald the
arrival of a new technological order. While these predictions often end up
being true eventually, many of us are left aggravated that the status quo
sticks around for so long. Perhaps no such case is as true as with the cloud.
The cloud has, without question, resulted in truly revolutionary benefits to
enterprises and consumers, but it always seems to be presented in a very
autocratic way: Stop what you are doing, and do things a new way. Enterprises
are obviously the first to accept such requirements. As long as this new
solution offers a material benefit to their business, the smart companies will
rapidly adopt it and put it to work. Conveniently, they are also quite willing
to pay for such benefit, should it be real. This is critical, because
consumers hate paying for things, so someone has to underwrite the
commoditization of new technology. This is essential to understand because,
contrary to what is marketed to consumers, the cloud is expensive. People are
buying and creating unbelievable amounts of content daily, driven by photos,
personal videos, music and movie purchases. Movies and personal video have
gone from standard definition to high definition — potentially going to ultra-
high definition, if CES is any indication — and the trend is clearly moving
more toward online purchasing. Music downloads surpassed CD sales two years
ago and, even in light of successful streaming services; online music sales
continue to grow year over year. Digital photography and videography have also
surpassed their physical counterparts. Indeed, photos and videos are no longer
things you take only on vacation or on special occasions. Smartphones have
enabled us all to shoot photos and video all day long, for even the most
mundane reasons. All these devices are continuously increasing resolution, and
thus file size. Gartner estimates that the average household had roughly one
terabyte of files by the end of 2012, with that forecast to grow to
approximately 3.3TB by 2016. At the same time, it is estimated that people
will have, on average, 5.8 Internet-connected devices per person by 2015.
There’s no doubt that people will continue to spread more and more data across
more and more devices, based on these trends. If these predications are even
somewhat accurate, the assumption that the cloud will be able to affordably
accommodate all consumer data is difficult to accept. Cloud storage is not
built from hard drives bought off Amazon.com on the cheap. Indeed, whether it
is the consumer cloud or the enterprise cloud, cloud storage services are
enterprise-grade through and through. “Enterprise-grade” might as well be
synonymous with “expensive.” That pricey storage is made up of enterprise-
grade hardware, and kept in an enterprise-grade data center. Every step of the
way, it is managed by an army of smart people, who are generally well paid.
Let’s not forget local and geographic redundancy. The result is that while
cloud storage is able to reduce its price slowly over time, consumers are
increasing their storage demands on a near-geometric scale. Thus, while
consumer cloud services may have a free tier to give consumers a taste of the
benefits, virtually none of them offer enough storage to accommodate all the
average person’s data. If some company were to cobble together all the
necessary Web services to offer this, perhaps built off of Amazon Web Services
or Microsoft Azure or something similar, it would cost nearly $1,000 per year
in storage alone, and, of course, there is much more to all this than just
storage. The result is “cloud fragmentation” — users are putting subsets of
their files into a litany of separate cloud services. Sometimes this is driven
by the amount of free storage, and other times this is driven by an
optimization of media type (e.g., documents versus videos). This
fragmentation, however, increases complexity and becomes a burden to manage. I
often have to think about whether a given document is in Dropbox, Google Drive
or SkyDrive. My photos are spread across Flickr, Facebook and Instagram. Some
videos are on Vimeo and others on YouTube. Of course, these are only a very
tiny fraction of my more than 900 gigabytes of files. This complexity is
something I refer to as “cloud overload,” where the number of cloud solutions
I have has me scratching my head to remember which one I use for what, or to
share with whom. Why would consumers choose to do this? Price. The free tiers
of most cloud services are indeed quite alluring. The marketing is great. The
benefits are clear. It is the price that’s unacceptable. To mitigate that,
consumers do all they can to extract benefit from the free tiers. This is a
clear divergence between consumer demand and technological reality. Cloud
storage is too expensive for consumers to purchase for all their data, so they
don’t. The result is user data getting spread across an array of primarily
free solutions that fragment features by media type or value proposition
(e.g., sharing, backup, etc.). Occasionally, we see enterprises underwriting
technological development that does not lead to the technological maturity and
commoditization consumers require, at least not very quickly. This is, without
exception, the case with the “consumer cloud.” Consumers require simplicity,
convenience and affordability. The consumer cloud is built from services,
including storage, sharing and device/platform interconnectivity. We’ve seen
many companies emerge as tremendous successes; however, the products that
define this space are themselves defined by their compromise in regard to
consumer demand and expectations. Changes in user behavior (e.g., stop doing
what you normally do, and do it a new way) are the friction that slows
ubiquitous adoption. Furthermore, high cost ultimately makes such products,
even when widely adopted, niche solutions. Still, cloud services offer such
unbelievable benefit that no one would argue that there is not demand. The
question is less about what benefit can be derived from the consumer cloud;
rather, it is how it should be delivered. So, what solution have savvy
startups begun to offer? It’s what is increasingly known as the “personal
cloud”: A way for users to access all their files, on all their devices, all
the time. And best of all, it’s affordable. Personal cloud services for
consumers give users the ability to have all their data on all their devices.
While not a consumer platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides a good
model, since it delivers truly groundbreaking cloud services within a fairly
simple service approach. Personal clouds are somewhat analogous to AWS on a
consumer level. New personal cloud services have started to build inter-device
connectivity into the operating system of your devices, which is conceptually
similar to AWS-like services being built into your own computing devices. The
result is that instead of users conforming to some new product’s requirements
for you to get value, it conforms to the user’s own behavior. Products like
this are technically challenging to build, because they must integrate deeply
into some other platform/device; in fact, they often augment it so that the
device or operating system itself works in a new way (e.g., as a part of a
personal device ecosystem). The result, however, is that consumers are offered
a solution that accommodates their demands — one that is simple, convenient
and affordable. These services can be cheap or free for any amount of data,
whether you have 2GB, 2TB or 2PB, because they are leveraging your own devices
to create your cloud and not hardware located in and across multiple data
centers. We all can be overzealous about predicting the future at times, so it
is important to take stock of the present. The cloud is producing some of the
biggest benefits to enterprises and consumers since the inception of the
Internet itself. It is shepherding a variety of services and products that
enable content sharing, distribution and access. While enterprises may reap
the most advanced benefits of this now, it is obvious that the consumer
versions of these technologies are compelling and exciting. The opportunity
for companies to innovate is often not measured in features, as much as user
experience. This is the unrealized opportunity within the consumer cloud, and
the direction so many companies are taking to build the next set of products
to affect our lives. Tagged with: Amazon Web Services, AWS, box, Dropbox, Erik
Caso, Facebook, Flickr, Google, Google Drive, interconnectivity, SkyDrive,
Vimeo, younity, YouTube Must-Reads from other Websites Why Apple Should Buy
China’s Xiaomi Panos Mourdoukoutas, Contributor, Forbes What I Didn’t Say Paul
Graham, Founder, ViaWeb We Need to Talk About TED Benjamin Bratton,
Journalist, The Guardian I, Glasshole: My Year With Google Glass Mat Honan,
Senior Writer, Wired All Together Now Chris Ware, Writer, The New Yorker The
Sculpture on the Moon Corey S. Powell and Laurie Gwen Shapiro, Contributors,
Slate About Must-Reads » More Inside » About Voices Along with original
content and posts from across the Dow Jones network, this section of
AllThingsD includes Must-Reads From Other Websites — pieces we’ve read,
discussions we’ve followed, stuff we like. Six posts from external sites are
included here each weekday, but we only run the headlines. We link to the
original sites for the rest. These posts are explicitly labeled, so it’s clear
that the content comes from other websites, and for clarity’s sake, all
outside posts run against a pink background. We also solicit original full-
length posts and accept some unsolicited submissions. Read more » Featured
Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara
Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing
in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying
Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful
Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop
Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-
to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The
Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal
Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha
in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version