News Zynga Raising $500 Million at $10 Billion Valuation Published on February
17, 2011 by Kara Swisher The fast-growing social gaming company Zynga is close
to completing a funding round of $500 million, valuing the company at $10
billion, said multiple sources. The round includes big institutional investors
Morgan Stanley, T. Rowe Price, Fidelity Investments, as well as a token
investment from existing venture investor Kleiner Perkins, in order to
establish the huge valuation. The big funding is essentially a precursor to an
initial public offering. Zynga has already raised more than $500 million from
a panoply of Silicon Valley VCs such as Kleiner and Andreessen Horowitz, as
well as Russia’s DST Global. Their interest has been in Zynga’s explosive
growth in social gaming, with such hits as FarmVille, CityVille and Mafia
Wars. The company grew virally, initially due to its close relationship with
social networking giant Facebook. Since then, it has tried to find other ways
to distribute its games, although it still depends largely on Facebook’s
audience. While some worry about Zynga’s reliance on Facebook, as well as its
sharing some of its revenue, sources said the company’s sales of virtual goods
and advertising is closing in on $1 billion and more annually. The massive
valuation for the San Francisco-based Zynga comes after similar rounds by
large Wall Street players in social media hotshots. Facebook raised $1.5
billion from Goldman Sachs and others and social buying site Groupon raised
close to $1 billion from T. Rowe Price, Fidelity and others. The New York
Times reported tonight the round was $250 million and named T. Rowe Price and
Fidelity as possible investors. Earlier this week, The Wall Street Journal
also had the round at $250 million. Return to: Zynga Raising $500 Million at
$10 Billion Valuation URL: http://allthingsd.com/20110217/zynga-
raises-500-million-at-10-billion-valuation/ Brought to you by The Wall Street
Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.