Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us CODE OF
CONDUCT IMPORTANT CONTACT INFORMATION: COMPLIANCE OFFICER & PRIVACY OFFICER
Kate Godfrey; VP, Compliance and Privacy direct line (206) 693-2227
kgodfrey@adaptivebiotech.com 1551 Eastlake Ave E., Ste 200 Seattle, WA 98102
HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCES Lori Stewart; VP, People direct line (206) 693-2200
lstewart@adaptivebiotech.com 1551 Eastlake Ave E., Ste 200 Seattle, WA 98102
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Chad Cohen; CFO direct line (206) 693-2231
ccohen@adaptivebiotech.com 1551 Eastlake Ave E., Ste 200 Seattle, WA 98102
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, GENERAL COUNSEL DELEGATE Stacy Taylor; VP, IP direct
line (206) 693-2089 staylor@adaptivebiotech.com 1551 Eastlake Ave E., Ste 200
Seattle, WA 98102 HIPAA SECURITY OFFICER Sean Nolan; CTO direct line (206)
693-2176 snolan@adaptivebiotech.com 1551 Eastlake Ave E., Ste 200 Seattle, WA
98102 ANONYMOUS HOTLINE phone (844) 222-6116
www.adaptivebiotech.ethicspoint.com The Corporate Hotline provides a direct
way to report a compliance or Code of Conduct concern. The Hotline is managed
by an independent third party and is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week,
365 days a year. To reach the Hotline, call toll-free 844-222-6116 or visit
www.adaptivebiotech.ethicspoint.com to report your issue or concern.
Introduction The Adaptive Code of Conduct is applicable to Adaptive
Biotechnologies Corp. (“Adaptive”), employees, officers, and directors. Doing
business with integrity is a critical value for Adaptive. You must act with
honesty, candor and trustworthiness in all Company dealings. This means you
are expected to comply with all laws, rules and regulations that govern our
business, maintain professional ethics and an ethical and professional work
environment, and proactively support company policies including those relating
to compliance, ethics, and the Code of Conduct. You are responsible for asking
questions if something is unclear, and speaking up immediately if you suspect
unethical or illegal behavior. Our policies forbid any form of retaliation
against you for fulfilling this obligation in good faith. Although the Code is
a general reference, and can’t cover every situation, it does provide you with
clear guidelines. Merely because a specific law or statute is not mentioned,
should not be taken as a sign that compliance with that law or regulation is
not important; in fact, compliance with all laws and regulations is required
and the examples listed in this Code are merely examples. Also included is a
list of contacts for you to use in reporting concerns. Certifying Code
Acceptance You must review this Code and annually recertify in writing that
you have read, understood, and will comply with it. Managers must never
neglect to address or report a violation of the Code, law or regulation
committed by someone you manage. Disciplinary Action Whether you are an
employee, manager, officer or contractor, you may be disciplined or lose your
job, if you: Do not follow this Code or other Adaptive policies Break any laws
or regulations that apply to Adaptive Tell an employee to violate the Code, an
Adaptive policy, a law or a regulation Fail to provide required information,
or provide false information in connection with an investigation, about a
violation of the Code, a law or a regulation Retaliate against a person who
reports a suspected violation in good faith (regardless of whether the report
is made within Adaptive or to an outside law enforcement or government agency)
or who cooperates or helps in good faith with an investigation Neglect to
address or report a violation of the Code, or a law or regulation, committed
by someone you manage or of which you have been made aware Reporting Open Door
Policy Our standards are founded on the principles of candor and open access
within Adaptive. Many issues can be resolved before they become problems for
the company, employees, or the public. Our Open Door Policy encourages you to
present ideas, report concerns and ask questions. All managers are responsible
for supporting this policy by maintaining an “open door” for those reporting
matters, and treating such reports and discussions with respect. In our
commitment to open communication, we provide different avenues for you to
raise issues in good faith, while being protected from any retaliation for
doing that. Retaliation Prohibited Adaptive prohibits retaliation against
anyone who in good faith: Makes a complaint or reports a violation to Adaptive
or any law enforcement or government agency Cooperates or helps with a
government or internal investigation Provides information to the government or
Adaptive about a breach of law or Adaptive policy If you believe that you have
experienced wrongful retaliation, you should report the issue immediately by
contacting the Hotline or the Compliance Officer. Confidentiality Sensitivity
to confidentiality is a priority, and every effort will be made to protect
your identity (if you wish) when reporting an issue. However, in some cases it
may be impossible to protect your privacy, due to demands of conducting an
investigation or certain legal requirements. If you want to report your
concern anonymously, place a call or go online to the Corporate Hotline.
Anonymous Reporting–THE HOTLINE The Corporate Hotline provides a direct way to
report a compliance or Code of Conduct concern. The Hotline is managed by an
independent third party and is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365
days a year. To reach the Hotline, call toll-free 844-222-6116 or visit
http://www.adaptivebiotech.ethicspoint.com to report your issue or concern.
Waivers & Amendments The Company may waive application of this Code of
Conduct, on a case-by-case basis, with written approval by the Compliance
Officer. Nothing herein shall constitute a contractual commitment to any
employee. Amendments to the Code of Conduct are subject to the approval of the
Board of Directors. Preventing Fraud, Dishonesty & Criminal Conduct Each of us
has a responsibility to do our job honestly and in compliance with applicable
laws, regulations and this Code. Fraud, dishonesty or criminal conduct by
anyone doing work for, or business with, Adaptive is not permitted. Examples
of such conduct may include, but are not limited to: Stealing property or
information, including intellectual property Misusing a company or client
computer, telephone, e-mail or other resource Making false records or reports,
such as signing another person’s name, altering a document or recording
activities which have not been performed, falsifying any report such as a
government report, or falsifying Destroying, changing, falsifying or hiding
evidence of any activity that violates this Code of Conduct Healthcare fraud
If you see or suspect fraud, dishonesty or criminal conduct, you must
immediately report the situation to the Compliance Officer or the Hotline. In
conjunction with this obligation, you must cooperate with and be truthful
during any Adaptive investigation. If law enforcement or another government
agency contacts you about possible fraud or criminal conduct on the part of
Adaptive or its employees, immediately refer the contact to the General
Counsel (or General Counsel delegate). You must also notify the General
Counsel (or General Counsel delegate) immediately if you are alleged by any
law enforcement or governmental agency to have personally engaged in or
participated in fraud, dishonesty or criminal conduct (other than a minor
traffic violation), whether or not the conduct is connected to your
responsibilities at Adaptive. Competing Fairly At Adaptive, we are committed
to ensuring we compete within the boundaries of the law. This means, among
other things, abiding by all laws that apply to our sales and contracting
activities in all locales in which Adaptive does business. We do not use
unfair methods of competition, or unfair or deceptive acts or practices in
commerce. Among other things: We will: Compete fairly and honestly for
business Deal fairly with clients and business partners Describe and promote
our products and services accurately and not misleading Be truthful and
accurate in proposals, bids, contracts and other certifications Comply with
any required labeling or restrictions We will not: Disparage our competitors’
products and services Wrongfully use confidential or proprietary information
belonging to a third party Accept, solicit, or provide kickbacks or illegal
payments to anyone Mislead customers through false statements or other
deceptive practices Antitrust & Competition Antitrust and competition laws
protect free competition and consumers. While these laws are complex, they
would, for example, prohibit agreements between Adaptive and competitors that
unreasonably restrain trade which can include (but are not limited to)
agreements that concern prices, terms of sales, costs, profits or margins,
sales volumes, capacity, market shares or territories, rigging bids or
boycotts (e.g., of a customer or supplier). The antitrust and competition laws
also prohibit conduct to monopolize markets by unfair or illegal means. Below
are examples of certain areas in which antitrust and competition laws may
limit permissible conduct and you should consult with the General Counsel (or
General Counsel delegate) for guidance in advance in any area (not just these)
where there are potential antitrust concerns: Discussions or other contacts
with competitors Refusals to do business with others Tying of services or
other products (i.e., where the sale of one type is conditioned on the
purchase of a second type) Selling commercially below cost Practices that
could foreclose competition in areas where Adaptive has significant market
share Price discrimination (e.g., selling to two or more competing purchasers
at different prices) Conduct or arrangements that may make it difficult for
competitors to obtain needed inputs or sell their own services or other
products If you are responsible for sales, contracting and other areas of the
business where antitrust and competition laws may apply, you must be aware of
them and their implications. Ask for advice of the General Counsel (or General
Counsel delegate) if you are unsure about appropriate conduct in a particular
situation. Business Intelligence In today’s environment, there is ready access
to public information about other companies and their services. It’s not
unethical or illegal to have and make use of public information in conducting
business. You are free to gather intelligence about companies from public
sources such as websites, published articles, advertisements, brochures,
public presentations and the like. Information from outside vendors and
consultants can also be a useful business tool, however, care must be taken
not to receive from or provide to such persons inappropriate competitively
sensitive information. Please consult with the General Counsel (or General
Counsel delegate) for appropriate guidelines when dealing with such third-
party information sources. You may contract with an outside vendor to gather
business information, if the contracting process and scope of engagement is
approved. But you may only accept business information about other companies
when the receipt and use of it are lawful and ethical, and do not violate
anyone’s confidentiality obligations. You must never use, or ask any third
party to use, unlawful or unethical means such as misrepresentation,
deception, theft, spying, or bribery to gather business intelligence. Trade
Associations Trade association meetings and other such gatherings serve
legitimate and worthwhile purposes. However, when such meetings bring together
competitors, care must be taken to discuss only permissible subjects. Even
comments made in jest about impermissible topics must be avoided as such
comments can be misinterpreted and misreported. If a conversation in a trade
association meeting context should turn to any kind of potentially anti-
competitive discussion, you should politely refuse to discuss the matter and
leave the conversation immediately. Bribery & Corruption Adaptive forbids
payments of any kind to any person either to obtain advantage in selling goods
and services, or to advance our interests with government authorities. Any
such payment, made anywhere, violates Adaptive’s policies and procedures.
Governmental Most places where we do business have laws forbidding the making,
offering, or promise of any payment or anything of value–directly or
indirectly– to a government official, if such payment is intended to influence
an official act, or decision to award or retain business. For this reason, no
payments, gifts, or services intended to influence, or even appearing to
influence, a government official’s actions may be given. Further Note on the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) The FCPA prohibits knowingly offering,
promising, or authorizing to pay money or “anything of value” directly or
indirectly to any non-U.S. government official, political party or official of
a political party, or candidate for political office with the intention of
corruptly influencing such official to obtain or retain business or to
otherwise secure any improper business advantage. A non-U.S. government
official may include a person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf
of a government agency, department, instrumentality, or public organization.
This includes an entity that is owned or controlled by the government or any
entity hired to review and accept bids for a government agency. Further,
payments made to non-U.S. government officials as a means of illegally or
improperly influencing regulatory or other government action, including
reducing customs duties, income taxes, sales taxes, or to collect an
outstanding debt, are prohibited. We also comply with all international
antibribery laws such as the UK Bribery Act of 2010. Therefore, each business
originator should perform thorough due diligence when considering agents or
third parties to represent Adaptive’s interests outside the United States. We
have approval requirements for such consultants and for related contract
terms. Please contact the Compliance Officer with any questions about the FCPA
or about contracting with offshore entities. Commercial Adaptive also
prohibits “commercial bribery.” Commercial bribery refers to the furnishing of
something of value to an intermediary (e.g., an employee of a customer), with
the intent to influence an entity’s commercial conduct. Adaptive prohibits any
employee, consultant, middleman, or other agent acting on such individual’s
behalf or on behalf of the Company from directly or indirectly engaging in
commercial bribery. Personal You should never offer, pay, or receive bribes or
kickbacks from anyone; to do so will subject you to civil or criminal
penalties. You should immediately notify the Compliance Officer about any
payment or gift that is offered to or requested from you in conjunction with
doing business, or that you believe may be a bribe, kickback, or otherwise
improper. Never offer or accept personal loans or guarantees (e.g.,
preferences or discounts not offered widely) to or from clients, business
providers or our competitors. Gifts & Business Courtesies The purpose of
business entertainment and gifts in a commercial setting is to create good
will and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair advantage with
customers or others. Our customers and business partners include health care
professionals (such as physicians) and entities (such as hospitals) and their
employees, as well as pharmaceutical and device companies and their employees,
and patients. Gifts or entertainment should never be offered, provided,
solicited or accepted by any Adaptive director, officer, employee, or agent
(or any family member of a director, officer or employee or agent) unless it:
is not a cash gift or cash equivalent such as a gift card, is consistent with
customary business practices, is not excessive in value, cannot be construed
as a bribe or payoff, and does not violate any laws or See also the discussion
of gifts to Governmental Employees and Others on page 11 of this code.
Healthcare Fraud, Waste & Abuse Healthcare fraud, waste and abuse isn’t just
harmful to Adaptive, it also impacts our entire industry, as well as the
entire healthcare system. We are all responsible for protecting our company,
co- workers, customers, and business partners from healthcare fraud, waste and
abuse. What is Healthcare Fraud, Waste and Abuse? Healthcare Fraud, Waste and
Abuse is: Defrauding or attempting to defraud the healthcare system Lying,
using false pretenses or making false statements or promises to get money from
the healthcare system Misusing resources or services, which results in
unnecessary costs to the healthcare system Taking any action that leads to a
payment from the healthcare system that is improper for substandard care or
for medically unnecessary There are various laws and regulations that govern
healthcare pricing, billing, reporting, relationships with healthcare
providers, and other aspects that might relate to healthcare fraud, waste and
abuse. This is a heavily regulated industry, and it is impossible to delineate
each and every legal requirement in a Code of Conduct. Some examples follow:
Anti-Kickback Laws The federal Anti-Kickback Law that applies to Medicare,
Medicaid, and federal government contracts prohibits anyone from asking for or
receiving, or offering or giving, anything that has value in exchange for any
of the following: Referrals for goods or services paid for (even in part) by a
federal healthcare program Buying, leasing or ordering a facility, service, or
item paid for (even in part) by a federal healthcare program Recommending or
arranging for someone else to buy, lease or order a facility, service or item
paid for (even in part) by a federal healthcare program Value means the value
of an item or service in the marketplace; it is not the cost of the item or
service to the giver. Also note that most states have laws that prohibit
kickbacks, bribes and rebates. Anti-Inducement Statute of the Civil Monetary
Penalties Law The Anti-Inducement Statute prohibits anyone from offering or
giving anything that has value to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that is
likely to influence the beneficiary to use a particular provider for Medicare
or Medicaid covered items or services. Stark Law (Physician Self-Referral
Prohibition Statute) This federal statute prohibits a physician from making a
referral for certain health services to an entity in which the physician (or a
member of his or her family) has an ownership/investment interest or with
which he or she has a compensation arrangement. The government has carved out
specific exceptions to this prohibition that must be strictly followed. False
Claims Act The False Claims Act is a federal statute that imposes liability on
any individual who knowingly, recklessly, or with deliberate ignorance:
Submits or causes someone else to submit to the government a false or
fraudulent claim for approval or payment Makes, uses, or causes someone else
to use a false record or statement to get a claim paid or approved by the
government Has possession or control of the government’s money or property and
delivers or causes someone else to deliver less than all of the government’s
money or property Makes a false record or statement related to an obligation
to pay the government or conceals, avoids, or decreases an obligation to pay
or transmit money or property to the government Conspires to do any of the
above Most states have False Claims Act counterparts as well. Pricing,
Billing, & Price Reporting There are various state and federal laws that may
regulate pricing, billing, and price reporting. It is the policy of the
Company to comply with all of them. For example, The Protecting Access to
Medicare Act of 2014 (“PAMA”) requires certain price and other data be
reported in an accurate and timely way. To report suspected incidents of
Healthcare Fraud, Waste and Abuse, contact the Compliance Officer or the
Hotline (information listed above for both means by which you can communicate
with the Company). Additionally, contact the Compliance Officer in the event
of any questions regarding such compliance. Governmental Employees All
governmental employees are subject to strict limitations on what they are
allowed to accept in the nature of “gifts” from contractors such as Adaptive.
The definition of what constitutes a prohibited gift or promise is often
broad, but usually covers entertainment, food or beverages, attendance at
corporate events where free food and drink are available, tickets to shows or
sporting events, offers of employment, and a wide range of other items that
have a monetary value. Because Adaptive does business with governmental
entities, it is Adaptive policy that no gifts, entertainment, meals, lodging
or travel may be provided to a government official or employee or to any other
person because of that person’s relationship to the governmental official or
employee. Also, you must avoid making or discussing any promise or offer of
anything that might benefit that person as an individual. Discussions or
communications regarding any consideration of employing a government employee
by Adaptive should only be undertaken after approval by the Compliance
Officer. Others (Other Than Government Employees) The safest course of action
is not to give or receive any gifts at all. However, circumstances may arise
where that’s not possible. If you must give or receive a gift, inexpensive or
promotional items are appropriate if the item is widely available to others
and if the exchange is legal. Even inexpensive gifts should not be given or
accepted if they are intended as, or could be perceived to be, a bribe or an
attempt to influence business decisions. Under no circumstances may an
employee accept or give gifts of cash or cash equivalents, such as gift
certificates or gift cards regardless of the amount. If you are offered or
receive an expensive or inappropriate gift, politely refuse by explaining
Adaptive’s policy on accepting gifts. Any gifts given must be accurately and
fully disclosed in the appropriate expense report with enough detail to
reflect the true nature of the expense and the full names and business
affiliations of those involved. If you believe an exception to this
Healthcare, Fraud, Waste & Abuse policy is warranted in a particular
circumstance, you must discuss the situation with, and obtain approval from,
the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate) and Compliance Officer.
Political Activities Adaptive encourages everyone as individuals to
participate in the political process. But in so doing you may not give the
impression that you speak or act on behalf of the company. Never use Adaptive
resources–such as work time, email, phone systems, or personnel– to engage in
personal political activities. Any other corporate political contribution must
be approved in advance by the CEO or CFO. Making an illegal contribution,
failing to get proper advance approval, or failing to properly report a
legitimate contribution, is a violation of Adaptive policy. Lobbying Lobbying
is the practice of communicating with government officials about matters that
are important to Adaptive. Lobbying is strictly regulated by Federal, State,
and local government rules and our own policies. Be aware that: Only the CEO
may approve the hiring of lobbyists using forms approved in advance by the
General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate). No contingent fee payments to
lobbyists are permitted. There are specific, detailed federal, state, and
local rules regarding the use of corporate funds to procure or lobby for a
government contract Adaptive does not use resources to lobby for, or influence
the award of, any government business You may not conduct illegal lobbying
activities, or fail to properly report legitimate efforts to influence policy
making. If you have questions, please contact the General Counsel (or General
Counsel delegate) or CFO. Conflicts of Interest It is the policy of Adaptive
that its employees, officers, and directors avoid conflicts of interest,
except those fully disclosed in advance to the General Counsel (or General
Counsel delegate) (with all relevant information) and formally waived in
writing. The waiver may include conditions such as mitigations. A conflict of
interest is any situation where the interests of Adaptive are adverse to the
interests of the employee, officer, director, contractor, or contingent worker
where that individual’s personal or financial interests conflict with
Adaptive’s. The term Adaptive’s interest should be construed very broadly to
include, among other things, customers and prospects, potential market
opportunities, and other business interests. We expect our employees,
officers, directors, contractors, and contingent workers to avoid real or
apparent conflicts of interests. Examples of a conflict of interest Examples
of a possible conflict of interest include, but are not limited to the
following. You may have a conflict of interest if you, a family member, or a
member of your household: Has a financial interest in any business or
government entity that is a customer or supplier, or that otherwise does
business with Adaptive, or is a competitor of Adaptive Performs work (as an
employee, officer, director, consultant, or agent) for any of the above
entities Works, or serves as an officer, director or advisor, for a nonprofit
or political organization whose interests intersect with Adaptive’s businesses
or with our position on a public policy Benefits personally from opportunities
or resources that came to you as a result of your work at Adaptive Has an
outside job or interest that interferes with your ability to do your job
Acquires a significant ownership interest (more than one-tenth of 1%) in a
competitor You may not assume a position as a director, officer or related
position with another for-profit business while still employed at Adaptive
without prior approval. Before seeking or accepting such a position, you must
report the proposed affiliation to your supervisor and the General Counsel (or
General Counsel delegate) and receive advance written authorization. If you
believe you have an actual or possible conflict of interest, report it with
all relevant information to the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate).
In addition (and as discussed under the “Business Opportunities” section of
the Code), you must present all corporate opportunities to the Company.
Governmental Contracting & Procurement Adaptive will conduct any government
contracting obligations in a manner compliant with all laws, regulations and
ethics rules governing this business arena and the terms of any applicable
government contract. We hold ourselves to high standards of business conduct
and integrity, and we hold any subcontractors involved in government contracts
to the same standards. It is Adaptive’s policy to use consultants, agents or
other professional service independent contractors only for legitimate, legal
purposes. Adaptive will enter into agreements only with business partners,
companies, consultants or other agents believed to have a record of, and
commitment to, integrity. In government procurement processes, we do not
improperly obtain, use or disclose government source selection or non-public
proprietary information, such as bid or proposal prices, technical evaluation
plans, competitive range determinations or ranking of proposals. It is also
Adaptive policy to: Follow the laws, rules, regulations and requirements of
contractor conduct that may apply to Adaptive. Adhere to laws that apply to
government contracting and procurement in the states and locales where we do
business. This includes, for example, the Federal Acquisition Regulations
(FAR), the Procurement Integrity Act, federal and state employment, equal
opportunity and affirmative action laws, the False Claims Act (FCA) and anti-
corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Laws,
regulations and ethics rules vary by state and locality. Consult the General
Counsel (or General Counsel delegate) with any Require provision of current,
accurate and complete information for all government contracts. Never give or
agree to give anything of value to government customers, employees or third
parties to influence the award or renewal of a government Protect procurement
integrity processes and confidential information associated with Attestations
Some government contracts require Adaptive to certify that we did not violate
procurement laws or regulations in winning the contract. If you are asked to
sign a certificate or disclosure related to a government contract, you must be
authorized to do so. Consult the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate)
if you have any questions regarding certifications and disclosure
requirements. Notification Requirements Promptly contact the General Counsel
(or General Counsel delegate) and Compliance Officer if any part of a
government, including a U.S. or State Inspector General, Department of
Justice, or the Office of Civil Rights contacts you regarding a situation or
Notify the Compliance Officer immediately if you have been suspended,
debarred, or excluded from working with any government funded or sponsored
program or contract. This includes Medicare and Medicaid. You must also tell
the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate) if you know of any other
reason why you might not be permitted to perform work related directly or
indirectly to a government funded or sponsored program or contract, or if you
know of anyone who works for or is affiliated with Adaptive who is in this
Accurate Representations Correspondence, reports and other documents that
contain substantive opinions, conclusions or determinations or that legally
bind Adaptive must be signed by or under the control of Adaptive leadership
with legal authority to bind the company. Adaptive staff and business partners
such as subcontractors must represent their titles, roles, professional
qualifications and certifications accurately. Mandatory Obligation to Disclose
Certain Misconduct in Governmental Contracting The Federal Acquisition
Regulation (FAR) requires the mandatory disclosure of credible evidence of
federal criminal law violations involving fraud, conflict of interest, bribery
or gratuity violations, as well as claims under the Civil False Claims Act,
and significant overpayments. This mandatory disclosure obligation continues
up to three years after contract end. In order to comply with these
obligations, you must immediately report any issues that could potentially
constitute a violation of criminal or civil law, or significant overpayment on
a government contract to the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate),
Compliance Officer or the Hotline. OUR COMPANY Respect in the Workplace
Adaptive seeks to create a workplace that is inclusive and safe for our
employees, officers, directors, contractors, contingent workers and business
partners. Our policies and programs are designed to promote fairness for all
individuals and foster an organization where diversity and inclusion are
valued. We endeavor to treat one another with courtesy and collaborate to
achieve results. We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination, unlawful
harassment, or unlawful retaliation. Fair Employment Practices We base
employment decisions, including selection, development and compensation
decisions, on an individual’s qualifications, skills and performance. We do
not base these decisions on personal characteristics or status, such as sex,
genetic information, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, and
related medical conditions), disability, predisposing genetic characteristics,
sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, race, color, religion
(including religious dress and grooming practice), creed, national origin,
citizenship, ancestry, age, ethnicity, marital or familial status, HIV/AIDS
status, political affiliation, military or veteran status, domestic violence
victim status, or any other legally protected status (“Personal
Characteristic”). Discrimination based on Personal Characteristics is against
Company policy. Unlawful Harassment-Free Workplace We require a workplace that
is free from unlawful harassment. We do not tolerate inappropriate behavior or
harassment involving employees, officers, directors, contractors, contingent
workers or business partners, including when it is based on the
characteristics or statuses described above. Unlawful harassment is any
behavior that relates to a protected Personal Characteristic such as those
outlined above and that unreasonably interferes with a person’s job
performance or creates a workplace that is unreasonably intimidating, hostile
or offensive. We refrain from unwelcome or potentially offensive conduct which
may include, but is not limited to, offensive jokes, slurs, epithets or name
calling, physical assaults or threats, intimidation, ridicule or mockery,
insults or put-downs, offensive objects or pictures, and interference with
work performance. In addition, we do not tolerate sexual harassment which
includes a broad spectrum of conduct including harassment based on gender,
transgender, and sexual orientation (for example, one’s heterosexuality,
homosexuality, or bisexuality). Sexual harassment is defined as “unwelcome
sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other verbal or physical
conduct of a sexual nature” when: Submission to such conduct is made either
explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an individual’s Submission to
or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for
employment decisions affecting such Such conduct has the purpose or effect of
unreasonably interfering with an individual’s work performance or creating an
intimidating, hostile, or offensive working Harassment on the basis of sex may
also include the following types of conduct: Threatening or taking negative
employment action if sexual favors are not granted, or promising preferential
treatment for submitting to sexual favors (often called “quid pro quo” sexual
harassment). Unwanted sexual advances, whether or not they involve physical
touching; propositions; comments about a person’s sexuality or sexual
experiences; sexual gestures, noises, remarks, or jokes; or comments about a
person’s Intentional physical conduct which is sexual in nature, such as
touching, pinching, patting, grabbing or brushing against someone else’s body;
or blocking the movement of another employee with one’s Displaying or
publicizing in the workplace any materials that are sexually overt, demeaning
or pornographic. Demeaning language, graphics or conduct directed at a person
or persons because of gender, regardless of whether such language, graphics or
conduct is sexual in In the event that you have suffered from unlawful
harassment or witness or are aware of unlawful harassment against others
occurring anywhere within the Company, you are encouraged to report it to
Human Resources, the Hotline or the General Counsel (or General Counsel
delegate). For additional information, please refer to the Adaptive Employee
Handbook. Labor Law Rights Adaptive policy does not prohibit employee
discussions regarding wages, hours, and working conditions, and is not
intended to restrict or interfere with any employee’s federal or state labor
law rights, including any and all rights under the National Labor Relations
Act, or any whistleblower protections under federal, state, or local law.
Security & Workplace Violence Security is everyone’s concern at Adaptive. We
do not allow unauthorized or unwanted persons to trespass on Adaptive
property. Each of us must be aware of specific security concerns that may
exist at our workplace and report any suspicious persons or activities. It is
against Adaptive policy to bring weapons, firearms, ammunition, explosive
devices and dangerous or illegal substances onto Adaptive property. We do not
tolerate acts or threats of violence, either verbal or physical. Report any
imminent danger or threat immediately to the local police. Healthy & Safe
Environment We are committed to employee health and safety at all of our
facilities. It is each of our responsibility to follow the rules and
procedures established at our facilities to ensure a healthy and safe working
environment. These include always complying with all relevant environmental
and safety laws and avoiding unsafe activities and conditions. If you are a
manager, you must ensure that your direct employees are trained on the safety
and environmental practices applicable to their jobs and implement and enforce
all applicable regulations and policies. You must investigate all safety,
health and environmental issues that come to your attention, and refer any
issues of potential noncompliance to your manager or Security. Alcohol & Drugs
You may not unlawfully make, distribute, dispense, possess, use, transfer,
solicit, purchase or sell: Alcoholic beverages Controlled substances Illegal
or prescription drugs This policy applies while you are on Adaptive property
and while you are doing Adaptive business anywhere. Please consult with Human
Resources who can provide more information in the event there are any
questions. Additionally, Human Resources may develop and implement additional
policies on this topic. Proper Use of Adaptive Resources Adaptive’s resources
are intended for Adaptive business only. Their use must be legal and proper.
Resources include time, equipment and supplies, documents, and the information
in our computing and communications systems. Adaptive may monitor or inspect
information systems, e-mail, Internet use, computer files, or anything kept on
company property. Adaptive may do this at any time for any company purpose.
Employees have no expectation of privacy regarding these systems, email,
Internet use, computer files, telephone voicemail, computers, information
maintained, stored or transmitted on them, or anything that is maintained on
company property. Electronic Communications Electronic communications—e-mail,
the Internet, social media applications—can be useful business tools. You are
to use these electronic communications tools legally, wisely and responsibly,
and do so in a professional and respectful manner. We obey all applicable laws
concerning copyright, trademarks, privacy, and financial disclosures. In
addition, your electronic communications must comply with the Company’s Fair
Employment and Unlawful Harassment policies. You are responsible for all of
your company communications. This includes, but is not limited to e- mail and
social media, such as LinkedIn®, Twitter, or Facebook. Whenever you are
identified as an Adaptive employee make sure you don’t make statements that
anyone could interpret as being Adaptive’s corporate statement — you should
use a disclaimer such as: “The views expressed in this post are my own and are
not endorsed by or on behalf of Adaptive.” Always protect Adaptive’s
confidential or proprietary information. Always make sure that you are not
making unapproved claims about the Company’s products or services. Business
Opportunities Business opportunities that come to you through access to
Adaptive property or information, or through your position at Adaptive, belong
to Adaptive. They may not be used for your benefit or the benefit of a friend
or family member. You may not compete with Adaptive. If you leave or are no
longer affiliated with Adaptive, company property, resources and confidential
information remain with Adaptive and Adaptive’s property. Honoraria & Fees
from Others You may be asked to participate in professional activities,
professional fora or surveys that are related to Adaptive or our business
interests. For example, you may be asked to serve on a committee or make a
speech. You may not be paid a fee (often referred to as an honorarium) for
this work. In general, you may accept an offer to cover reasonable travel and
lodging costs as long as other committee members or speakers who are not
Adaptive employees are treated equally. Such activities must be approved in
advance by your supervisor and scheduled at times so as not to interfere with
company business. Public Speaking & Published Works Public speeches and
published works, such as books and magazine articles, offer excellent
opportunities for Adaptive to present topics and ideas of interest to business
and professional audiences. Any speech or published work on a professional
topic by an Adaptive employee must be pre-approved before any company time or
resources are committed to them and before they are released. These must be
pre-approved by the functional SVP and the General Counsel or his/her
designee. Business Hospitality, Entertainment, Travel & Meals Adaptive pays
your travel and related expenses, as permitted by Company policy. In general,
others should not pay for these costs. You may occasionally offer or accept
meals or entertainment offered in conjunction with meetings to discuss
Adaptive business; provided nothing may be offered to any government employee.
At least one Adaptive employee must be present at each such event. Lavish,
expensive, or exclusive meals and entertainment are not acceptable. Proper Use
of Intellectual Property You must respect the intellectual property rights of
Adaptive and others by complying with all applicable laws and agreements that
govern such matters. The products, services, ideas, concepts, and other
information we produce on a daily basis are proprietary assets of Adaptive.
Various laws, and good intellectual property practices regarding maintaining
confidential information, enable Adaptive to protect these assets. You are
expected to protect Adaptive’s intellectual property — including its trade
secrets, copyrights, trademarks, patents, scientific and technical knowledge,
know- how, and the experience developed in the course of the Company’s
activities. Unless you obtain the intellectual property owner’s specific prior
consent, you may not copy, distribute, display, perform, or modify third-party
copyrighted or trade secret materials, or conduct peer-to-peer or other file
sharing of copyrighted materials. A work may be protected by a copyright even
if there is no notice on the work. You are prohibited from disclosing to the
Company or using during your employment any proprietary and confidential
information you obtained from a prior employer. If you have any questions
concerning the proper use of intellectual property, contact the Vice-
President, Intellectual Property. Safeguarding Information We keep
confidential and proprietary information about Adaptive, its intellectual
property, business, products and services, as well as our vendors, customers
and employees, and all those who do business with us, confidential. You are
expected to maintain it safe from inappropriate access, use or disclosure. We
comply with applicable national, state, local and municipal privacy, data
protection and security laws. Confidential information is any nonpublic
information that is gathered, developed or produced by or for or in the
possession of Nonpublic information is any information that is not known by or
available to the general Proprietary information is nonpublic information that
is created, recorded, or used in support of Adaptive business or the business
of another company. This information is owned by Adaptive or the other
Examples of Confidential & Proprietary Information Personal information,
including–Name, address, date of birth, gender, Social Security or ID number,
member ID number, cardholder data and other nonpublic personal information.
Or, financial, health or other information about a person that is not
Proprietary and nonpublic information about anyone who does business with
Adaptive, such as employees, clients, subcontractors, providers and
Confidential and proprietary Adaptive marketing plans, sales and marketing
data, pricing information, strategies, and information pertaining to new
products and Confidential and proprietary information about Adaptive
operations, processes, and methodologies, personnel information, and research
and technical information about Adaptive systems, software, and Any
information that could help or harm our ability to meet our business
Information that is owned or provided by a third party and made known to
Adaptive under a non-disclosure, confidentiality or data use The list above
only reflects select examples of Adaptive confidential and proprietary
information, and is not an exhaustive list. If you have questions about
whether certain material is confidential and proprietary, or how to treat such
material, please contact the Vice-President, Intellectual Property. Privacy of
Personal Information Preserving the privacy of personal information is
critically important. Personal information is information that can directly or
indirectly identify an individual, such as name, contact information, and
health-related and genetic information. Colleagues, healthcare providers and
many others entrust Adaptive with personal information. Research,
pharmacovigilance and other business activities also may give Adaptive access
to personal information. Privacy Laws Protecting the privacy and security of
personal information is a growing global concern. Many countries are enacting
or strengthening privacy laws that govern the use of personal information and
holding violators accountable. Adaptive, its business partners and its agents
are accountable for protecting personal information and for processing it only
within the boundaries of applicable law, and Adaptive policies and procedures.
Help protect the privacy of personal information, including personal health
information, by following these principles: Comply with applicable laws and
regulations of the jurisdictions in which personal Information is collected
and used; Collect and use the minimum amount of personal information necessary
to achieve legitimate business purposes and keep it only as long as necessary
to achieve those purposes; Share personal information only with individuals
who have a legitimate need for it and will protect it properly; Follow Company
guidelines for handling and destroying personal information; and Report
“Information Incidents”—if you learn of an inappropriate disclosure of
personal information, immediately call the Privacy Officer and notify your
Guidelines for Safeguarding You are responsible for the protection and privacy
of any Adaptive confidential and proprietary information under your control.
Failure to do so may result in discipline, including the loss of your job. We:
Access, use, view or send confidential information only if authorized, and
there is a valid business reason to do so Do not reveal proprietary or
confidential information to anyone outside Adaptive unless authorized
Designate all confidential and proprietary information with proper markings on
any documents, papers, or files that contain such information, as appropriate
Respect the confidential information and trade secret information of other
companies. Never accept, keep or use improperly obtained information Do not
ask another person to improperly disclose information Never post or reference
confidential or nonpublic information on any social media site Comply with
Company policy Properly dispose of Adaptive Never destroy a document that
could be relevant to an anticipated or pending lawsuit or investigation. If
you have questions about these issues, seek direction from the General
Counsel. Immunity Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 The federal
Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 provides immunity in certain circumstances to
Company employees, contractors, and consultants for limited disclosures of
Company Trade Secrets. Specifically, Company employees, contractors, and
consultants may disclose Trade Secrets: in confidence, either directly or
indirectly, to a Federal, State, or local government official, or to an
attorney, “solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law,” or “in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or
other proceeding, if such filing is made under ” Additionally, Company
employees, contractors, and consultants who file retaliation lawsuits for
reporting a suspected violation of law may also use and disclose related Trade
Secrets in the following manner: the individual may disclose the Trade Secret
to his/her attorney, and the individual may use the information in related
court proceeding, as long as the individual files documents containing the
Trade Secret under seal, and does not otherwise disclose the trade secret
“except pursuant to court ” When You Leave Adaptive When your Adaptive job or
affiliation ends, you must immediately return any Adaptive confidential or
proprietary information (including all copies regardless of media). You may
not use or disclose this information to an unauthorized entity, such as a
different employer or company. Adaptive may ask to inspect any materials you
have when you leave, to prevent unauthorized removal of information. If you
have signed an agreement with Adaptive requiring continued cooperation,
confidentiality, or non-solicitation of employees, you will need to honor
those obligations after leaving Adaptive. Shareholders and the Public Record
Keeping & Accounting Controls It is Adaptive policy to keep books, records and
accounts in a way that shows a fair, complete and accurate accounting of all
business transactions and use of assets. Our records must reflect reasonable
detail to show the true nature of expenses and other transactions, who was
involved, and any affiliation to Adaptive or third parties, such as government
entities. We will never alter or falsify an Adaptive company record. Unless
permitted by applicable law or regulation, we do not execute off-balance sheet
transactions, arrangements and obligations or maintain unrecorded funds or
assets. Officers and managers are expected to build and maintain an internal
accounting system with controls that prevent unauthorized, unrecorded or
inaccurately recorded transactions, and result in preparation of financial
statements based on generally accepted accounting principles. Managers also
must ensure that third parties who create or update Adaptive records follow
the same rules, where appropriate. Money Laundering & Accounting Fraud Money
laundering is defined as the process of converting illegal proceeds so that
funds are made to appear legitimate and can thereby enter the stream of
commerce. It is not limited to cash transactions. Adaptive forbids engaging in
or knowingly assisting in money laundering. It is your responsibility to
report any unrecorded funds or assets or false or artificial entries in the
books and records of the Company if you become aware of them. If you learn of
or suspect accounting fraud, report it immediately to the Hotline, the CFO or
the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate). Company Records Management
You should comply with any Company records retention and disposal policies
that may be developed and implemented from time to time, and ensure that
Company records are maintained, stored, and, when appropriate, destroyed in
accordance with Adaptive’s and/or client policies, and in compliance with
applicable human resources, finance, tax, legal, regulatory, environmental,
and contractual requirements. You are expected to be familiar with the
specific requirements of your business and location, as well as with any
applicable corporate procedures. You must preserve all relevant documents,
regardless of typical document destruction practices if you are aware of a
threatened or actual legal claim, lawsuit, or government investigation, or a
legal request for such documents, or if the General Counsel (or General
Counsel delegate) has placed a “litigation or claims hold” on such documents.
In this context, the term “document” is to be construed very broadly and
includes both paper copies, email and electronic, notes, calendars, and other
media. Such documents are to be preserved unless authorized in writing by the
General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate). Improper Influence on Conduct
of Auditors You are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action
to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the Company’s
independent auditors for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of
the Company materially misleading. Prohibited actions include but are not
limited to those actions taken to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently
influence an auditor: to issue or reissue a report on the Company’s financial
statements that is not warranted in the circumstances (due to material
violations of generally accepted accounting principles, generally accepted
auditing standards or other professional or regulatory standards); not to
perform audit, review or other procedures required by generally accepted
auditing practices or other professional standards; to withdraw an issued
report; or not to communicate material matters to the Company’s Audit
Committee of the Board of Insider Trading Insider trading refers to the
illegal practice of trading securities while possessing “material nonpublic
information” about a company. Related illegal acts include tipping others to
trade based on material non-public information. “Material” information is
information that a reasonable investor would think is important when making a
decision about buying, holding or selling a company’s securities. Information
that affects the price of another company’s stock may be “material.” Insider
trading is unethical and illegal under U.S. federal and other local securities
laws. It is generally illegal for any person who possesses “material
nonpublic” information about a company to buy or sell stock, options or bonds,
or other debt instruments of that company, or to tell or “tip” anyone else by
communicating the nonpublic information to them. Insider trading will be dealt
with firmly by Adaptive, and both you and Adaptive could face civil and
criminal penalties for insider trading. For questions, employees, officers,
and directors should contact the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate)
or CFO. Some Examples of What May Constitute “Material” Information with
Customers, Vendors, or Partners Possible mergers or acquisitions Results of a
material clinical Winning or losing an important contract Information about
new products Changes in senior management Whether or not information is
“material” may depend on the facts and circumstances. If you are unsure,
contact the General Counsel (or General Counsel delegate) for guidance.
Manufacturing & Supply Quality Our reputation is built on trust. Patients,
consumers and others rely on Adaptive products to improve health and enhance
the quality of people’s lives. Product quality, safety and efficacy are
critical components of the trust people place in Adaptive. We operate a
comprehensive and robust quality management system, designed to ensure the
production and supply of quality products. We are committed to ensuring that
our products are manufactured and supplied to high standards of quality. Our
manufacturing operations are conducted in compliance with applicable
regulatory requirements, Good Clinical Laboratory Practices (GCLP), and our
own internal rigorous quality standards. We also require that our suppliers
and partners adhere to high standards, and we conduct audits and oversight of
our supply chain. We are all responsible for ensuring that we perform our
responsibilities in a manner consistent with Adaptive’s unwavering commitment
to quality and compliance, and for reporting quality issues and concerns
through the appropriate channels. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) &
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (“CLIA”) It is the policy of Adaptive to
comply with all applicable drug, medical device, diagnostic, clinical
laboratory, and research laws and regulations. This includes, for example, FDA
registration, notification, and/or approval, marketing and sales, research,
and manufacturing requirements such as Good Laboratory Practices, Good
Manufacturing Practices, and Good Clinical Practices, as applicable. In
addition, where applicable, Adaptive complies with CLIA requirements and
related regulations for clinical laboratory testing. Media & Public Inquiries
It is Adaptive policy to deliver accurate and reliable information to the
media, financial analysts, investors, brokers, and other members of the
public. All public disclosures, including forecasts, press releases, speeches,
and other communications, will be honest, accurate, timely, and representative
of the facts. To ensure consistent, accurate delivery of Company information,
employees are not authorized to answer questions from the news media,
investors, or other members of the public regarding Company activities. If
approached for information, you must record the name of the person making the
inquiry and immediately notify the President or Chief Executive Officer.
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses