Skip to main content Free Trial +44 (0) 208 528 1767 Contact Us United Kingdom
Australia United States France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning
Consolidation Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive
Insights, we make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world.
Software for people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business
Planning Cloud Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales
Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling Collaboration Dashboards
and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board & External Reporting
Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active Planning? The Costs
of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio, Churn, ARR? SaaS
businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling growth and
monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our solution for SaaS
companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual Processes Data
Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration Professional Development
Need Workforce Management Revenue Management Expense Management Financial
Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance Sheet & Cash Flow
Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Business Services Nonprofit Higher
Education Manufacturing Retail Financial Services Insurance Energy & Utilities
Business Size Midsize Companies Large Enterprises Divisions Customers Learn
how moving to a cloud-based platform cut costs and simplified the budgeting
process. LEARN MORE Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews Services
Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success Management Support
Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2016 Magic Quadrant
Strategic Corporate Performance Management Solutions report LEARN MORE Learn
Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks Infographics Video
Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company Customer Success How To
Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s next at Adaptive Live
2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your success. That’s why you
should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we explore how Adaptive Insights
can help your organisation prepare for the unexpected in today’s rapidly
changing world. Register now Live Group Demo Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific)
save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear how Adaptive's Finance team uses
the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-Person Events Webinars Adaptive
Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership Partners Locate a Partner Partner
Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst
Reports In the News Press Kit Careers Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer
Success Success Stories Reviews Services Nationally Recognized Health Insurer
Takes Analytics Beyond the Spreadsheet Greater Financial Insights Lead to
Better Decision-Making in Ever-Changing Healthcare Industry English English,
British – ANZ Sweeping regulations, fluctuating premiums, and other factors
required insurers like Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI) to
reinvent their approach to analyzing business performance. Adaptive Insights
pushed the company to think big—as in big data—when it came to making business
decisions that promote corporate growth. Using Adaptive Planning, part of the
Adaptive Suite, BCBSRI has moved beyond the spreadsheet. The finance team can
now drill into company and overall market performance data, helping BCBSRI to
make quick adjustments and remain competitive in a fast-moving marketplace.
Challenges Lacked an easy-to-use interface through which all stakeholders
could clearly understand financial performanceHad a complex cost allocations
processNeeded capability to analyze markets, products, and operations at a
more detailed level Results Market benchmarking and analysis reduced from
weeks to minutes with cube dimensionality and automated allocationsTransformed
a top-down FP&A; approach to a bottom-up strategy with deeper performance
visibility and accountability across the businessWhat-if scenario automation
with automatic updates and rollup to the corporate level for faster strategic
decision-making DOWNLOAD CASE STUDY About: Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode
Island (BCBSRI) is the state’s leading health insurer, covering more than
550,000 members. Its mission is to improve members’ health and peace of mind
by facilitating their access to affordable, high-quality healthcare. BCBSRI is
an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.
Location: Providence, RI Industry: Healthcare We’re a much more predictive,
data-driven organisation today as a result of Adaptive Insights. Sarah Renaud,
Team Leader of Budgets Improved Analysis within Individual Markets "We measure
our success by market segment performance, so new regulations, fluctuating
premiums, and other factors regularly impact our main business drivers," said
Renaud, explaining the need to upgrade to a modern finance tool. "Adaptive
helps us more clearly see our costs per market, and more easily forecast the
impact of any major changes or key decisions, like the consequences of exiting
a particular market." Effective financial reallocation, driven by factors like
time or enrollment, is central to a company that measures overall success by
individual market performance. One example of such a market is Medicare, which
the finance team benchmarks against competitors' financial performance in the
same field. Those benchmarks turn into detailed finance reports in Adaptive
that heavily influence future strategy within that market. "Putting cube
sheets on top of allocations is an important part benchmarking for us," said
Renaud, detailing her team's benchmarking and reporting process. "It took us
weeks to do this when we used Excel exclusively. Now it's done instantly
within Adaptive." An Improved, Collaborative Approach to FP&A; Today the
finance team uses the comprehensive historical data view in Adaptive to
produce more well-informed financial forecasts and more detailed 'what-if'
scenarios. And in addition to measuring performance by market, they also model
core planning drivers in Adaptive for personnel, members, and premiums. Then
Renaud's team can drill into financial performance by department and
individual transaction to learn what's driving those numbers. These and other
benefits have combined to convert a top-down FP&A; approach into an improved
bottom-up strategy; one that starts with deeper performance visibility, and
leads to greater financial accountability across the business. "There's a lot
more information sharing between departments than before," continued Renaud.
"People are adding more performance details that help us in finance to produce
reports and forecasts that better support long-term, organizational strategy.
Our CEO is so happy with our improved monthly forecasts that he even held up a
report in a meeting and talked about how great it was." Real-Time Updates Lead
to Data-Driven Decisions Using those added performance details, finance is
more accurately allocating operating expenses and creating individual
forecasts for revenue and health coverage claims. Adaptive then automatically
updates those forecasts according to changes in business drivers so that
company leaders are constantly making decisions using the most current
financial analytics. "We can create a 'what-if' scenario in the middle of a
leadership meeting, make any changes to actuals on the fly, and Adaptive
automatically updates and rolls those changes up to the corporate level. That
automation frees up more time to uncover and share more valuable insight into
financial performance with the entire company. We're a much more predictive,
data-driven organisation today as a result of Adaptive." Gain a healthy dose
of financial visibility. Try Adaptive Insights free for 30 days.Free Trial
Adaptive Insights helps us more clearly see our costs per market, and more
easily forecast the impact of any major changes or key decisions, like the
consequences of exiting a particular market. Sarah Renaud, Team Leader of
Budgets See Adaptive Insights software in action. Watch an online demo.Watch a
Demo Watch Demo Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance
for Sales Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col 2Solutions for
your:Challenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer
SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training &
Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO
Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks Infographic Videos Webcasts White Papers
Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu Col
6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin twitter
youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94303
×Close