Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Biotechnologies Welcomes Charles Sang as Senior Vice President of Diagnostics
04/11/2016 SEATTLE, Wa., April 11, 2016 – Adaptive Biotechnologies, the leader
in combining next generation sequencing (NGS) and expert bioinformatics to
profile T- and B-cell receptors of the adaptive immune system, announces the
appointment of Charles Sang to Senior Vice President, Diagnostics. Mr. Sang
will be pivotal in leading the Company’s diagnostics business strategy for the
clonoSEQ® Process which provides ultra-sensitive detection of minimal residual
disease (MRD) in patients with lymphoid cancers, and may allow for earlier
intervention for patients who may relapse. Tom Willis, PhD, will be
transitioning to an advisory role pertaining to the Company’s continued
validation efforts for the clonoSEQ Process while also remaining as an active
member on the Company’s board. “Charles brings a wealth of solid diagnostics
and therapeutic experience in Hematology/Oncology and rare diseases to
Adaptive’s growing commercial business,” said Chad Robins, President, Chief
Executive Officer and Co-founder of Adaptive Biotechnologies. “I am pleased to
welcome Charles to our Executive Team and look forward to working together to
make the clonoSEQ Process the most clinically validated, market-leading next
generation sequencing test for MRD detection.” At Adaptive, Mr. Sang will
initially be focused on securing clinical guidelines and reimbursement
decisions while supporting regulatory approval efforts for the clonoSEQ
Process globally. He was most recently the Vice President of Global
Diagnostics for Nanostring Technologies, Inc. and led their North American and
Global commercial efforts for a new product class of decentralized genomic
assays in solid and liquid tumors, including the launch of Prosigna®, the
company’s breast cancer prognostic gene signature assay. Mr. Sang has more
than 20 years of Hematology/Oncology expertise, including the global launch of
products in highly specialized markets while ensuring their reimbursement. Mr.
Sang has also held commercial leadership positions at Seattle Genetics and
Enzon Pharmaceuticals. About Adaptive Biotechnologies® Adaptive
Biotechnologies is the pioneer and leader in combining high-throughput
sequencing and expert bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors.
Adaptive is bringing the accuracy and sensitivity of its immunosequencing
platform into laboratories around the world to drive groundbreaking research
in cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive also translates
immunosequencing discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic
development to improve patient care. For more information please visit
adaptivebiotech.com. About Minimal Residual Disease Minimal residual disease
(MRD) refers to cancer cells that may remain in the body of a person with
lymphoid cancer after treatment. These cells are present at levels
undetectable by traditional microscopic examination (also called morphologic
examination) of blood, bone marrow or a lymph node biopsy. Sensitive molecular
technologies, such as the next-generation sequencing utilized by Adaptive’s
clonoSEQ MRD Test, are needed for reliable detection of very low levels of
MRD. About the clonoSEQ® Process Adaptive’s clonoSEQ Process enables
physicians to utilize sequencing-based minimal residual disease (MRD)
detection as an aid to clinical decision making for patients with lymphoid
cancers (blood cancers). With its ability to detect cancer cells at a level as
low as one per one million white blood cells, the clonoSEQ MRD Test is one to
two orders of magnitude more sensitive than the other methods of MRD
detection, such as ASO-PCR and flow cytometry. CONTACT: Adaptive
Biotechnologies April Falcone 206-939-3835 media@adaptivebiotech.com Charles
brings a wealth of solid diagnostics and therapeutic experience in Hematology/
Oncology and rare diseases to Adaptive’s growing commercial business. Chad
Robins Previous Press Release Innovation Leader, Diego Miralles, M.D., Joins
Adaptive Biotechnologies as President of Adaptive Therapeutics 03/15/2016 Next
Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies and Collaborators to Present 10 Studies
Demonstrating the Utility of Immunosequencing in Both Tissue and Blood Samples
at 2016 American Association of Cancer Research Annual Meeting 04/16/2016
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses