WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Beth Callaghan bio e-mail RSS Recent Posts by Beth Callaghan Weekend
Update, 3.14.09–Special Roman "Ides of March" Edition March 14, 2009 at 11:54
am PT Tweet Share Print In Silicon Valley, it’s hard to believe that not
everyone follows each shiny new thing on the Web, tracks OS versions as
intently as the storyline of “Battlestar Galactica” and remains jacked-in
pretty much 24/7. But it’s been known to happen. For instance, BoomTown was in
Rome earlier this week attending a conference on business, brand and
innovation that happens only once every seven years–and one of the biggest
takeaways? Hardly any Italians have heard of Twitter, and those who have don’t
really use it. Well, that, and conversations with Arianna Huffington, Reid
Hoffman, and several Italian business leaders. Mark Zuckerberg, though, is
most definitely plugged into the white-hot microblogging service. This week,
he used his Twitter account, plus an appearance on “Oprah,” as a platform to
herald the launch of Facebook’s own Twitteresque homepage redesign. In other
news, Time Warner (TWX) CEO Jeff Bewkes laid off AOL President and COO Ron
Grant and Chairman and CEO Randy Falco. BoomTown interviewed Falco’s
replacement, Google (GOOG) ad sales exec Tim Armstrong, who’ll start at AOL as
Chairman and CEO on April 7. MediaMemo had the full memo from Time Warner on
the Falco/Grant-Armstrong transition and also spoke with Boxee CEO Avner Ronen
this week. Boxee is the start-up that lets you watch Web video on your TV,
basically bypassing your cable box. Which is probably why it’s caught up in a
cat-and-mouse game with Hulu, the joint venture between GE’s (GE) NBC and News
Corp.’s (NWS) Fox that would much rather have you watch TV on the Internet
instead. Guess who’s the mouse? Still, Hulu is down two networks, ABC and CBS
(CBS)–though presumably, the aim is to offer all three. (News Corp. is the
owner of Dow Jones, which owns this Web site.) MediaMemo also noted that
Google rolled out its behavioral targeting functionality this week and points
out that we all might be hearing a lot more from a man named Rick Boucher in
the near future as a result. Behavioral targeting wasn’t the only thing that
Google rolled out this week–it also launched Google Voice, the initiative
based on the company’s acquisition of voice communications start-up
GrandCentral. Digital Daily covered the story. Elsewhere in the telecom world,
major Palm (PALM) investor Roger McNamee made some bold (read: crazy)
assertions about iPhone users switching en masse to the Pre, which later
needed to be clarified (read: backed away from) by Palm itself. RBC analyst
Mike Abramsky is also bullish on the Pre and its WebOS, but in a less crazy
way. He gave it a glowing write-up on Friday. For a product that hasn’t yet
been given a price or a launch date, it’s certainly building itself some high
expectations. Of course, it’ll need to fulfill them to compete with the ever-
evolving iPhone, which for which Apple (AAPL) is having a press event Tuesday
to announce version 3.0 of the device’s OS. Walt Mossberg reviewed the new
version of Apple’s ever-evolving iPod Shuffle this week, which has the
distinction of being the first mp3 player to “speak.” His verdict was in
Wednesday’s Personal Technology column. In Mossberg’s Mailbox, Walt answered
questions about using a stylus with the iPhone and offered an explanation on
how to change Apple’s Safari 4 beta so that it looks and works more like the
previous version. And in this week’s Mossberg Solution, Katie Boehret took a
look at iSkoot’s Notifier, an app designed to endow basic cellphones with
smartphone-like capabilities. More next week. And beware the Ides of March. Or
not. Tagged with: Apple, Arianna Huffington, Avner Ronen, Battlestar
Galactica, behavioral targeting, beta, Beth Callaghan, BoomTown, Boxee, cell
phon, digital, Digital Daily, entertainment, Facebook, Google, Google Voice,
GrandCentral, Hulu, Ides of March, Internet, iPhone, iPod Shuffle, iSkoot,
iSkoot Notifier, Jeff Bewkes, John Paczkowski, Kara Swisher, Katie Boehret,
Mark Zuckerberg, MediaMemo, microblogging, Mike Abramsky, MP3, NBC, networks,
News Corp., Notifier, Oprah, Palm, Palm Pre, Personal Technology, Peter Kafka,
politics, Pre, Randy Falco, RBC, Reid Hoffman, Rick Boucher, Roger McNamee,
Rome, Ron Grant, Safari, Silicon Valley, smart phone, stylus, telecom,
television, Tim Armstrong, Time Warner, TV, Twitter, webOS Managing Platforms
Is a Human Art October 21, 2013 at 2:56 pm PT The FCC Must Stay on Course on
Mobile Competition September 24, 2013 at 12:43 pm PT WeChat Parent Tencent
Makes Search Investment September 16, 2013 at 3:07 pm PT Apple’s New Chance
Against Google in Patent Fight? September 11, 2013 at 1:21 pm PT Appeals Court
Says Ex-College Stars Can Sue Videogame Maker Electronic Arts July 31, 2013 at
11:59 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version