WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Software Google Stores, Syncs, Edits in the Cloud April
24, 2012 at 9:37 am PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » For years, some
people who wanted to store files on remote servers in the cloud have been
emailing the files to their Gmail accounts, or uploading them to Google’s
lightly used Google Docs online productivity suite, even if they had no
intention of editing them there. Now, Google is formally jumping into the
cloud-based file storage and syncing business, offering a service called
Google Drive, which will compete with products like Dropbox and others by
offering lower prices and different features. It works on multiple operating
systems, browsers and mobile devices, including those of Google’s competitors
Apple and Microsoft. There are apps for Windows, Mac and mobile devices that
automatically sync files with Google Drive. I’ve been testing Google Drive,
which launches today, and I like it. It subsumes the editing and file-creation
features of Google Docs, and replaces Google Docs (though any documents you
have stored there carry over). In my tests — on a Mac, a Lenovo PC, a new iPad
and the latest Samsung Android tablet — Google Drive worked quickly and well,
and most of its features operated as promised. At launch, it’s available for
Windows PCs, Macs and Android devices. The version for the iPhone and iPad is
planned for release soon. Google Drive, which can be found at
drive.google.com, offers users 5 gigabytes of free storage, compared with 2
gigabytes free for the popular Dropbox, and equal to the free offering from
another cloud storage and syncing service I like, SugarSync. That’s enough for
thousands of typical documents, photos and songs. Prices for additional
storage drastically undercut Dropbox and SugarSync. For instance, 100 GB on
Google Drive costs $4.99 a month. By contrast, 100 GB costs $14.99 monthly on
SugarSync and $19.99 on Dropbox. Google Drive will offer huge capacities, in
tiers, all the way up to 16 terabytes. (A terabyte is roughly 1,000
gigabytes.) And if you buy extra storage for Google Drive, your Gmail quota
rises to 25 GB. But one of Google’s biggest rivals isn’t standing still.
Microsoft is expanding both the features and capacity of its little-known
SkyDrive cloud storage service as well. That product started out as a free,
fixed-capacity (25 gigabytes) online locker mostly for users of the stripped-
down, cloud-based version of Microsoft Office, though it also has been
available as an app for Windows Phone smartphones and for iPhones. It’s giving
away even more free storage than Google — 7 GB, though that is a cut from what
it used to offer free. It also is charging less than Google. For instance, you
can add 100 gigabytes for $50 a year. And users of the old version get to keep
their 25-gigabyte free allotment. I wasn’t able to test this new version of
SkyDrive for this column. It also is offering syncing apps for Windows and
Mac. Google Drive is meant as an evolution of Google Docs. While you could
previously upload a file to Google Docs using your Web browser, for Google
Drive, the company is providing free apps for Mac and Windows that, like
Dropbox, do this for you. They create special folders that sync with your
cloud-based repository and with the Web version of the product. So, you can
drag a file into these local folders on your computer and that file will be
uploaded to your cloud account and will rapidly appear in the Web version of
Google Drive, in the Google Drive folders on your other computers, and in the
Google Drive apps on Android, iPhone and iPad devices. These local apps also
sync any changes to the files you make. One big difference between Dropbox and
Google Drive is you can edit or create files in the latter, rather than merely
storing or viewing them. This is because Google Drive includes the rudimentary
word processor, spreadsheet, presentation and other apps that make up Google
Docs. But there is a catch. If your stored document is in a Microsoft Office
format, you can only view it. To edit it, you have to click a command to
convert the file to Google’s own formats, or choose a setting that converts
Microsoft Office files when uploaded. But this latter feature only works when
uploading from the website. Google Drive also is missing some features of
SugarSync I like. The latter doesn’t require you to place files in a special
folder; it syncs the folders you already use on your PC and Mac. Also, unlike
SugarSync, Google Drive doesn’t let you email files directly into your cloud
locker. Google Drive allows you to share files and folders, and collaborate
with others. You can also email files as attachments. People with whom you
share files can be allowed different rights: To view, comment, or edit them.
You can also keep the files private. Because Google has run into hot water
over keeping users’ information private, some people may be reluctant to trust
their files to Google Drive. But the company insists that, while it does
process and store your files, no human can see them and, at least today, the
files aren’t used to target advertising at users. The company notes no file
can be placed in Google Drive unless the user wants it there. The service does
a very good job of searching files, even finding words inside PDF or scanned
documents. The company claims it can find images when you type in words
describing them, like “bridge” or “mountain”—even if those words don’t appear
in the image’s file name. But I found this mostly worked with photos of famous
places or people Google has collected via its Google Goggles product. Google
Drive failed to find images with generic file names on almost all of my own
pictures, even when they included things like mountains or other common
objects. Google Drive did a good job in my tests with videos. It converts
nearly every common video format into a format it can play, right inside its
website. This process can take some time. While Google Drive can store music,
it can’t play it directly via its website. Google’s new service also works
with third-party document creation and editing apps that are built to work
with it. I used one, called Balsamiq Mockups, to create a quick wire-frame
diagram. I can recommend Google Drive to consumers looking for cloud-based
storage, with the added bonus of integrated editing, at lower prices. But the
new Microsoft SkyDrive also seems worth a try. Email Walt at mossberg@wsj.com.
Tagged with cloud computing, Dropbox, Google, Google Docs, Google Drive,
storage Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04
pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two
Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on
Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December
03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an
archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street
Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version