WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Can NewsLabs Give Laid-Off Journalists Another Chance?
March 26, 2010 at 6:55 am PT Tweet Share Print So you used to write stories
for a newspaper and now you’re out of work? Odds are, you are going to have to
find something else to do. But some of you may be able to transform yourselves
into one-person news factories, says Paul Biggar, who wants to make money
while helping you do that. Biggar is a co-founder of NewsLabs, a start-up that
promises to create a business around the work of individual journalists. The
idea is that the writer writes and NewsLabs does everything else: Ad sales,
“community management,” promoting the work on Google, Facebook, Twitter et al,
and so forth. In exchange, the company wants a 20 percent cut of all revenue.
In other words, Biggar and co-founder Nathan Chong want to become publishers
with an all-freelance workforce. NewsLabs just graduated from Y Combinator’s
three-month bootcamp and has been working with a starter group of journalists
for a couple months. So it’s still mostly theoretical at this point. My
concern is that the help NewsLabs says it can offer doesn’t solve the real
problem: The economics of Web publishing are brutal, and in most cases they
only work on a Google- (GOOG) or Yahoo (YHOO)-size scale. Biggar tells me that
NewsLabs won’t solely be dependent on ad revenue, so that’s good. But all of
the ancillary businesses that can support a Web-based journalist–conferences,
job boards, and the like–also require either great scale or a very, very
specialized niche. So Biggar and co-founder Nathan Chong have their work cut
out for them. Here’s Biggar’s extended pitch, via an interview I taped with
him this week at Y Combinator’s Demo Day presentations: Tagged with: ad sales,
advertising, blogs, Bootcamp, community management, Demo Day, digital,
Facebook, free-lance, Google, Internet, interview, job boards, journalist,
MediaMemo, Nathan Chong, NewsLabs, newspaper, Paul Biggar, Peter Kafka,
Publishers, revenue, scale, search, specialized, Start-up, Twitter, Web, work
force, writer, Y-Combinator, Yahoo Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While
You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at
3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00
am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23,
2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20,
2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV:
Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00
am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version