WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Blogs, MacBooks and GSM
phones February 16, 2011 at 3:20 pm PT Tweet Share Print Q: I’ll be starting a
two-year assignment with the Peace Corps in the near future. I would like to
start a blog where I can record my daily activities for my friends and family
to read. Do you have any suggestions? A: There are numerous free blogging
services that offer templates, simple tools and a free address your friends
and family can use to view your reports. Two that I have used and can suggest
are Blogger, owned by Google, at blogger.com; and the independent WordPress,
at wordpress.com. Q: In terms of battery life, does it make any practical
difference if I leave my common programs on my MacBook Pro running when
dormant versus shutting them down when I’m not using them and then firing them
up as needed? A: I asked Apple about this, and the company said an open, but
idle, application on a Mac notebook generally won’t use any or many processor
resources, which means almost no impact on battery life, even if it performs
periodic background actions like fetching mail. Exceptions would be programs
that do heavy-duty things in the background, like rendering videos. The
company strongly advises making sure the laptop is in sleep mode when not in
use, and keeping the screen at the lowest brightness level that works for you.
Also, you can check how much demand a program is placing on the processor by
running the Activity Monitor, located in the Utilities folder in Applications.
Q: Why would a GSM phone run in 3G-mode only on AT&T; and not on T-Mobile? A:
It’s true that both carriers use the same basic technology, called GSM. But,
in some cases, phones (like the AT&T; iPhone) are locked so that, unless you
do serious hacking, you can use them on only one of the two networks. In other
cases, it might have to do with the frequencies used by a carrier. T-Mobile
and AT&T; use different frequencies for their 3G networks, and a phone might
simply be built to support only the 3G frequencies used by one of the carriers
and not the other. You can find Mossberg’s Mailbox and my other columns at the
new All Things Digital website, http://walt.allthingsd.com. Email
mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with 3G, activities, address, Apple, AT&T;, battery
life, blog, Blogger, blogger.com, blogging, brightness, daily, digital,
frequencies, Google, GSM, hacking, hardware, Internet, laptop, MacBook,
MacBook Pro, mode, networks, phone, programs, record, reports, services,
shutdown, sleep, software, suggestions, T-Mobile, templates, tools, WordPress,
wordpress.com Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at
6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT
Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas
on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices
December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD
contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The
Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version