WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello USA Today 56 posts and columns on USA Today All Writers Kara Swisher
Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason
Del Rey News Byte SigFig Raises $15 Million From Union Square Ventures and
Bain Capital Ventures Jason Del Rey in Commerce on July 2, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
Investment advice startup SigFig has raised a $15 million Series B round led
by Union Square Ventures and Bain Capital Ventures, the company announced
today. Prior investor DCM also participated. SigFig users upload information
about their investment portfolios to get advice and recommendations about high
fees and bad investments. The company has also started to work with media
companies such as CNN and USA Today on partnerships that utilize its aggregate
investment data. USV’s John Buttrick will join the startup’s board. Keep Your
Hands Off My Stack We’ve heard Pandora complain it pays too much in royalties
to make a profit. (Of course, we also watched Pandora raise $235 million in
its IPO and double its listeners in the last two years.) But a business that
exists to deliver music can’t really complain that its biggest cost is music.
— Roger Waters, David Gilmour and Nick Mason of Pink Floyd, writing in USA
Today about Pandora’s push to slash artists’ royalties by up to 85 percent
News Byte Gannett Buying Belo in $2.2 Billion Deal Peter Kafka in Media on
June 13, 2013 at 4:58 am PT Gannett, best known as the newspaper publisher
behind USA Today, is making a big bet on TV: It is paying $1.5 billion, and
taking on $715 million in debt, to acquire local station owner Belo Corp. If
the deal gets regulatory approval, Gannett will nearly double its portfolio of
TV stations from 23 to 43. Voices Smile: People Like Your Picture More Than
Your Words Chas Edwards, Chief Revenue Officer, Luminate in Voices on March
22, 2013 at 2:41 pm PT Corporate storytellers need to master a new narrative
technique. Day Two at D: Dive Into Media 2013, in Pictures and Tweets Eric
Johnson in Dive Into Media on February 13, 2013 at 3:30 am PT Storified: The
best tweets and pictures from the second day of D: Dive Into Media. Old Media
Is the New Hotness for Chris Hughes and Larry Kramer Liz Gannes in Dive Into
Media on February 12, 2013 at 4:13 pm PT The business of news is a hard one,
but at least two people running publishing institutions say they’re
optimistic. Timehop Hooks Up With USA Today to Deliver Stories From the Past
Mike Isaac in Social on January 25, 2013 at 8:04 am PT A charming smartphone
app takes users on a trip down memory lane — now in headlines. Listen Up!
Beats Boss Jimmy Iovine Comes to Dive Into Media. Peter Kafka in Dive Into
Media on January 24, 2013 at 10:56 am PT Next month’s lineup is groaning with
heavy hitters, but there’s always room to add a music icon to the list. Game
On! Xbox Bosses Mehdi, Tellem Come to Dive Into Media. Peter Kafka in Dive
Into Media on January 4, 2013 at 5:41 am PT The Xbox is a Web TV player that
also happens to work for games. Meet the people in charge of making it an even
bigger deal in the media world. Meet the Man Who Wants to Blow Up the TV
Business: Dish Network’s Charlie Ergen Comes to Dive Into Media Peter Kafka in
Dive Into Media on December 18, 2012 at 8:44 am PT A rare appearance from a
maverick billionaire with big plans. Old Media, New Tricks: The New Republic’s
Chris Hughes and USA Today’s Larry Kramer Join Dive Into Media Peter Kafka in
News, December 12, 2012 at 5:00 am PT How to Get Your Start-Up Acquired in Six
Months or Less Mark Johnson, CEO, Zite in Voices, October 19, 2012 at 7:00 am
PT A Sports Aggregator Finds a Home: Gannett Buys Quickish Peter Kafka in
Media, June 11, 2012 at 5:00 am PT But What Does That Make “The Phantom
Menace?” NewsCred Raises $4 Million for Its Web-Based Newswire Peter Kafka in
Media, November 30, 2011 at 6:00 am PT From an Early Adopter of the Mini
Submarine Exclusive: Longtime Yahoo Front Page Editor Liz Lufkin Out Kara
Swisher in Media, September 6, 2011 at 8:37 am PT Zynga's FarmVille and
CityVille Developer Spills the Beans on What Makes Games Great Tricia Duryee
in Commerce, March 1, 2011 at 10:21 am PT Web Surfers Troubled by Tracking,
Poll Says Courtney Banks, Reporter, The Wall Street Journal in News, December
21, 2010 at 4:19 pm PT News Outlets Circle Tablet Russell Adams and Jessica E.
Vascellaro, Reporters, The Wall Street Journal in News, October 8, 2010 at
12:00 am PT An iPhone 4 Review Roundup John Paczkowski in Mobile, June 22,
2010 at 3:09 pm PT Demand Media’s Richard Rosenblatt and ProPublica’s Paul
Steiger Live at D8 Peter Kafka in D8, June 3, 2010 at 9:10 am PT Rupert
Murdoch Still Needs Allies for His Digital News Crusade Peter Kafka in Media,
May 19, 2010 at 3:00 am PT For the iPad, Apps With Their Own Wow Factor
Katherine Boehret in The Mossberg Solution, April 6, 2010 at 4:01 pm PT Some
Publishers Are Wary of Sales on iTunes Shira Ovide and Russell Adams,
Reporters, The Wall Street Journal in News, April 5, 2010 at 5:00 am PT Page 1
of 212Next Related Videos View all videos » Chris Hughes and Larry Kramer Dive
Into MediaChris Hughes and Larry Kramer Dive Into Media Search » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version