WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS
Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print This is the last day
of the All Things Digital site, which began life in April of 2007 as a year-
round extension of the D conference we launched in 2003. Since then, we have
published nearly 40,000 posts and attracted millions of loyal readers.
Starting January 2, we’ll have an all-new site and suite of conferences, with
a different name and Web address, run as an independent company with great
investors and partners. It’s likely that you’ll hear a lot about it. But
before we go — this will be our last post here, by the way — we want to say we
are intensely proud of what we did on this tech and media news and analysis
site. And as we reach the end, we’d ask you to indulge us in a moment of
sentimental reflection. When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming
to present a fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media
standards for quality and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.
Over the years, we’ve had numerous scoops, influential reviews and thoughtful
analysis pieces. We have been the first to tell you what was going on inside
the big tech companies, from Google to Microsoft to Amazon; what stealthy
startups were doing and who was giving them money; and even exactly when Apple
was introducing its next iDevice. We have also explained in plain English what
the mobile carriers and the e-retailers, the TV networks and cable companies
were really doing — even if they said otherwise. And we’ve tested hundreds of
new products and services to tell you whether they were any good, from game-
changers like the iPhone a couple of months after our site began, to a
Bluetooth basketball last month. We’ve also done what we humbly regard as some
of the funniest liveblogs in the industry, and have brought you all the video
and commentary for our own D conferences, all 11 of them. From the historic
joint interview of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates a month after our site’s launch,
through the carousel of CEOs at Yahoo, and many other memorable interviews, we
think we have helped deliver some great moments in tech over the last decade.
As for that ethics thing, we’ve innovated there, as well. We introduced a
transparent drop-down warning to all new users, cautioning them about tracking
cookies. We placed a link to an individual ethics statement next to every
writer’s byline. And we banned personal attacks and self-promotion from our
comments. We also held stories until we were sure they had multiple solid
sources, and killed them when they didn’t. But what has always made us most
proud over the years has been our stellar staff, which — although one of the
smallest among tech sites — has worked brilliantly together, and punched far
above its weight. But now it is time to bid farewell to All Things Digital in
all its incarnations. We hope you’ve enjoyed reading this site as much as
we’ve enjoyed producing it. As we noted, we are deeply grateful to our small
but mighty team of writers, editors, developers, conference producers and
business folks. And we thank Dow Jones for giving us the chance to run a
small, entrepreneurial business inside a very big media company. Most of all,
we are in your debt for being our readers, and we hope you will follow us to
the new site and conferences. Because — in taking a page from the tech
industry we cover — it’s once again time to refresh, reimagine, remake and
reinvent. (You’ll see what that means soon enough.) Or, as Kara wrote in her
very first post for the website on April 18, 2007: “But enough looking back:
On to the next thing.” — Walt & Kara Tagged with: All Things Digital,
AllThingsD, Amazon, Apple, Bill Gates, blog, Bluetooth, cable, comment,
conference, cookie, D, Dow Jones, Google, investor, iPhone, Kara Swisher,
Microsoft, network, news, partner, piece, post, staff, Steve Jobs, TV, user,
Yahoo Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 …
2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go
Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at
7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That?
December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From
AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version