WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement
bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent Posts by Ina Fried Apple Strikes Long-
Awaited Deal With China Mobile, With iPhone 5s and 5c to Hit Stores on January
17 December 22, 2013 at 2:04 pm PT Tweet Share Print After years of talks,
Apple confirmed on Sunday that it has at long last reached a deal with China
Mobile to officially carry the iPhone. China Mobile will start selling the
iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c starting on Jan. 17, with pre-registrations starting
this Wednesday. Pricing details will come later, Apple said. “Apple’s iPhone
is very much loved by millions of customers around the world,” China Mobile
Chairman Xi Guohua said in a statement. “We know there are many China Mobile
customers and potential new customers who are anxiously awaiting the
incredible combination of iPhone on China Mobile’s leading network. We are
delighted that iPhone on China Mobile will support our 4G/TD-LTE and 3G/TD-
SCDMA networks, providing customers with high-speed mobile service.” Apple’s
Tim Cook said he is excited to begin working with China Mobile. “China is an
extremely important market for Apple and our partnership with China Mobile
presents us the opportunity to bring iPhone to the customers of the world’s
largest network,” Cook said. “iPhone customers in China are an enthusiastic
and rapidly growing group, and we can’t think of a better way to welcome in
the Chinese New Year than getting an iPhone into the hands of every China
Mobile customer who wants one.” Apple could sell millions of iPhones next year
through China Mobile, according to analyst estimates. Piper Jaffray sees the
potential for 17 million sales by China Mobile, while ISI analyst Brian
Marshall said sales could reach nearly 39 million iPhones next year. Cantor
Fitzgerald analyst Brian White sees thing somewhere between those estimates,
forecasting calendar 2014 iPhone sales of 20 million to 24 million on China
Mobile, while Wedge Partners analyst Brian Blair sees sales of 18 million to
20 million iPhones, though the number will depend on how aggressively Apple
and China Mobile promote the iPhone. “We expect a strong marketing push to
follow the official announcement, and that is what is critical,” Blair told
AllThingsD earlier this month. “It’s Apple’s job to turn the Chinese consumer
away from entrenched brands like Samsung.” Even before the China Mobile deal,
Apple has been making some inroads in the giant market. According to
Counterpoint Research, the iPhone 5s, 5 and 5c were October’s No. 1, 2 and 4
top-selling smartphones, with Apple grabbing 12 percent of that month’s market
share. Tagged with: Apple, ATD Facebook, China, China Mobile, iPhone, Tim Cook
Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a Close
December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan Leaving
After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s John Chen
on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at 10:40 am
PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica December
30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as Year
Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all videos
» api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I’m a giant vat of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining
Yahoo AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version