WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski High Point of Apple Event:
Upgraded CEO September 10, 2009 at 5:10 am PT Tweet Share Print After nearly a
year out of the public eye, Apple CEO Steve Jobs returned to it yesterday at
the company’s annual music event. It was his first public appearance at an
Apple gathering since Oct. 14, 2008, when he uncrated the company’s new
unibody MacBooks, and it far overshadowed the new products he was about to
announce. In fact, it could be argued that public confirmation of Jobs’s
health since his return to the company was truly the most significant
announcement of the day. As Morgan Keegan analyst Tavis McCourt quipped in a
research note issued after the event, “Aside from a lack of a camera on the
iPod Touch, everything announced was generally in line with expectations,
although it all tends to sound much more revolutionary when Steve Jobs is
spinning the story. It was clearly a positive to see him back on stage.” Piper
Jaffray analyst Gene Munster felt similarly: “There was some debate over
whether Steve Jobs would deliver the presentation at [the] event,” he said in
a note to clients. “He did, and we see this as a sign that he has returned to
work at near-full capacity following his health-related leave of absence. We
continue to believe he is the primary spokesman and active leader of Apple.”
Munster went on to note that the event was otherwise a bit of a
disappointment. Certainly, the lack of a new iPod touch with a built-in video
camera, which was viewed by many as almost a sure thing, was a bit of a
letdown. “We were expecting a new iPod touch model with a video camera, which
Apple did not announce,” Munster said. “The lack of a camera may be due to
last-minute quality issues, or it may also be a strategic decision to
differentiate the nano from the touch, and the touch from the iPhone.
Ultimately we see the lack of a camera in the touch as a move to push users
toward the iPhone and drive purchases of multiple devices per customer by
segmenting the product lines.” Or to position the iPod touch as a truly
competitive portable gaming device. Certainly, that’s what appeared to be
going on yesterday as Apple (AAPL) brought out Ubisoft, Tapulous, Gameloft,
and Electronic Arts (ERTS) in quick succession to demo their upcoming new
games. And then, there were the data points. Consider these: 20 million iPod
touches sold to date Over 100 million iTunes accounts Over 1.8 billion apps
downloaded to date. Impressive given that Apple passed one billion apps
downloaded just last April Over 75,000 apps available 21,000 of those 75,000
are games and entertainment apps So nearly one third of all iPhone OS apps
sold to date are games and entertainment apps. Clearly, Jobs was on to
something when he told The Wall Street Journal in November 2008, “I think the
iPhone and iPod touch may emerge as really viable devices in the mobile games
market.” Tagged with: AAPL, Apple, apps, camera, Demo, devices, digital,
downloaded, Electronic Arts, entertainment, event, Gameloft, games, gaming
device, Gene Munster, hardware, health, innovation, iPhone, iPod touch,
iTunes, John Paczkowski, MacBook, market, Morgan Keegan, music, Nano, OS,
Piper Jaffray, portable, product lines, public appearance, research note,
software, Steve Jobs, Tapulous, Tavis McCourt, Ubisoft, unibody, video, video
camera Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December
30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013
Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry
Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO
Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version