WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Intel’s Q4 Earnings Call: Modest Growth, More
Investment January 17, 2013 at 2:10 pm PT Tweet Share Print When Intel’s
results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2012 crossed the wires a
little less than an hour ago, shareholders were initially happy, but not so
much with the guidance looking ahead. The company’s conference call with
analysts is about to begin. Expect some questions from the gallery that test
Intel’s assumptions about the state of the PC and server markets and its
assumptions about its intentions in the mobile business. And while Intel execs
on the call probably won’t say much about any of this, there will be some
pressing questions about the state of the search — such as it is — for the
next CEO who will take over after current CEO Paul Otellini leaves later this
year. Earlier: 2:11 pm: Joining the conference call in progress. CFO Stacy
Smith is reading from his prepared remarks, looking back on the year. Smith:
Spending as percent of revenue was 34 percent. Fourth quarter revenue finished
in line with expectations. Worldwide inventory levels reduced as customers
reduced their inventory of older PCs. 2:13 pm: Smith: In 2013 we’re expecting
revenue growth in the low single digits. Expecting $18.9 billion in spending.
2:14 pm: Smith: As a result of the significant progress we’ve made, I’m
optimistic about our long-term prospects. In 2013 we will rev our next-
generation tablet chip, Bay Trail for Windows and Android. Smith: We will
start production on the 14-nanometer process this year. This will put us
significantly ahead of the competition. 2:16 pm: Moving on to the Q&A; session
with analysts. Question from Deutsche Bank: It seems like your Capex and Opex
are outgrowing revenues. It looks like investors are dubious about when
they’ll see returns on investments. What are the mile markers? CEO Paul
Otellini: You’re seeing our first investments for the 450-millimeter
transition for later this decade. (Bigger silicon wafers.) That is more of an
extraordinary event that isn’t related to volume in 2014-16. Other than that,
it’s about the same as last year. As we finish up the use of the 14-nanometer
processes and move to 10-nanometer process, we’re going to need those
factories. Regardless of what you think the size of the market is, the fabs
(factories) are the most important assets we have. Smith answering another
question on Capex. It’s for building to the peak of 14-nanometer, and starting
the early bits of 10-nanometer. Its really for the peak of 2014 and 15. With
regard to equipment, the facility-related spend is coming back and it’s for
equipment. 2:21 pm: Question on guidance for 2013 revenue, can you walk
through underlying assumptions? Smith: We expect data center group to return
to double-digit growth. Cloud data centers and portions of the market like
storage and networking. And then for core PC market, we have pretty modest
expectations in units. We think growth comes from the devices that sit in the
middle. Plus we start to participate in the tablet market. Is the spending for
450-mm wafers ongoing? Smith: What changed is, the industry consortium set
expectations for the shift, we want to start the construction of a development
facility. I expect there’s some spending related, but we won’t get into real
capital spending on it until the back half of this decade. Q: The 10-nanometer
spending, does that assume EUV or immersion lithography? Smith: I’ll save that
for the technologists. We’re close to the vest with those details. 2:24 pm:
Question: There are some reports about Intel manufacturing some chips for
Cisco Systems. Trying to drill down on Intel becoming a specialized foundry,
which builds chips under contract. Otellini: We are very interested in being a
selective foundry for certain customers. We don’t expect to be a general
purpose foundry. We would not take business that would strengthen a
competitor. We have done some announcements in programmable logic, and those
companies need a company like Intel to help them. We have been building that
capability and we’re now going into production. Smith: To the extent that we
engage with these customers, we want to get paid for it. Questions about ARM.
Otellini: We’ve looked at the A15, and we’re comfortable that we can maintain
a performance lead. 2:27 pm: Another question on the foundry business. Have
you earmarked any money for it? Smith: Other than the three small customers
you have heard of, the foundry business is not driving our Capex spending.
Question on PC market guidance. You seem to be guiding them down and making a
big bet on 2014. How much do you need to take of tablet share, or how much
needs to be eaten by your convertible PCs to make that bet worthwhile? Smith:
I’d take issue with the characterization of PCs guiding down a ton. For the
company I said low single digits, data center up in double digits, and you
still end up with client (PC) growth in that. The lines are blurring and we
are expecting some unit growth. When we get into the back half of the year
it’s a fairly reasonable assumption. We expect normal growth, just across a
wider range of devices. 2:32 pm: Question on Q4, seems PC client units were
down 4 percent. Was this mainly an inventory drain? Smith: We think there was
an inventory drain in the worldwide supply chain for PCs in the first quarter.
Our channel checks suggest older Windows 7 systems were burned off in the
quarter. When we look at inventory levels, we think it’s a healthy level of
inventory. Plus we reduced our own inventory levels. Q: Any particular dynamic
at work regarding average selling prices in the data center group? Otellini:
The big drive was Romley. That helped drive the overall richness. On PCs, we
saw strength in the core product line, and more weakness than we thought in
the lower end of the market. Question on potential for hybrids. We’re seeing
small tablets. 10-inch tablets are not selling as well. Does that give you an
opportunity? Otellini: Yes. Phones are getting bigger. And the shift to
tablets from 10 to seven inches, and that is what you’re going to see. The
market will bifurcate between 4- and 6-inch and then 5- and 7-inch products.
They only get thinner as Haswell and Broadwell come online. Question on cash
balance. What is the level of cash. Will you have to raise debt again? Smith:
We would certainly look opportunistically as we have been. We generated $6
billion of cash flow from operations, so we’re generating plenty of cash to
run the business, to pay the dividend and protect the dividend. I’m
comfortable with the cash we have now, and I could live with a little less as
well. Question on an update acquisition of Infineon wireless. Where are you
with 4G LTE and an integrated Atom chip? Progress with handsets? Otellini:
Infineon is well on its way to LTE. Dual data and voice mode. First phones
early next year. Very competitive solution. The Infineon team is known not for
being first to market, but very good, and cost effective. In terms of
integrated solutions, expect higher levels of integration next year. Smith:
I’m struck by how hungry the customers (phone makers) are to work with us on
this. 2:40 pm: Question on price elasticity in the PC market. Wondering how
price drops drive unit growth. Otellini: I don’t think there’s much elasticity
in the classic form factors. What we saw earlier was similar elasticity in
desktop in 80s and 90s. It dropped until it reached a point where there was a
minimum margin left for all the players. People will buy based upon their need
in those price points. Difficult to see them go from $299 to $99. What we’re
likely to see is people willing to spend a little more for a more capable
product. We’ve seen it in the Apple model. There is a model of paying for
innovation. 2:42 pm: Do you have a view on EUV (Extreme Ultraviolet
Lithography)? Smith: Not prepared to talk about it. Question: You’re expecting
a better than seasonal 2H13. Smith: That is consistent with our view. The
consensus GDP estimates, there is a consistent strengthening of GDP later this
year. Haswell gains traction, touch gains traction. We become more represented
across Windows tablet and Android across 2013, and that gives us a better than
seasonal second half of the year. Question on regional performance. Otellini:
In China, there were some tablets that impacted some low-end PC sales. Brazil
saw some inflation and that affected some PCs sales. China had a regime
change, and that affected some sales. China is still outgrowing any large
economy in the world. We have been pleasantly surprised by the data center
growth in China. Question on gross margins. They were a little better. Can you
share with us your utilization rates in Q4 and what you expect the trajectory
to be in Q1 and beyond? Smith: We came in with gross margins a little better
than we expected in Q4. We brought the loadings down in the factories a bit.
We redirected some equipment, and brought inventories down by $600 million. We
think gross margins are roughly flat. We see continued improvement in excess
capacity, and increases in startup costs. Add in some other puts and takes
it’s about flat. When we get to Q2 we see further reduction in excess capacity
charges, but that is when we will peak in terms of startup costs. So I think
Gross margin in Q2 will be flat to down. But we think gross margins later in
the year to be closer to low 60s because we’ve guided to 60 percent for the
year. Our costs come down over the back half of the year. 2:52 pm: That’s it.
Thanks for tuning in! See you in 90 days! Tagged with: ARM, chips, conference
call, corporate governance, earnings, Intel, liveblog, Mobile, Paul Otellini,
PCs, quarterly results, semiconductors, servers, smart phones, Stacy Smith,
succession, tablets Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December
31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses
for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle
Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social
Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT
Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27,
2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version