WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox What Can That New iPod Do?
September 15, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s no other major
item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable and unreliable as our
personal computers. Everybody has questions about them, and we aim to help.
Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received recently from people
like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the questions a bit, for
readability. This week my mailbox contained questions about the iPod nano’s
new software features, Windows XP Professional, and ways to stop spam. If you
have a question, send it to me at my review. The nano actually does have
several new software features unseen on previous iPods, even costlier ones.
There’s a stopwatch and lap timer; a world clock module that can display
multiple time zones; and a software lock, which looks like a combination lock
on the screen, and is meant to keep your iPod private. Perhaps my favorite new
software function is a lyrics screen, which works in conjunction with a new
version of Apple’s free iTunes software, issued at the same time the nano was
introduced. The iTunes 5.0 software now allows users to embed lyrics into a
song file. When the nano plays any song that has these embedded lyrics, it can
display them on a lyrics screen you call up by pushing the player’s center
button a few times. The iTunes 5.0 software has some other new features that
don’t require a nano player. It can automatically synchronize contacts and
calendar items from Microsoft Outlook on Windows PCs. It has parental
controls, an improved search function, and a new option that allows users to
decide just how randomly its “shuffle” feature works, so you can avoid hearing
multiple songs by the same artist in a row. Apple also now claims that its
iTunes Music Store has a catalog of two million songs, about twice as many as
its competitors offer. On the accessories question: The new nano has the same
proprietary iPod connector port that its larger siblings use, so it should be
compatible with most accessories that use that port. I tested it on a Logitech
speaker system and on the flexDock mini car adapter made by TEN Technology. It
worked perfectly on both, even though both were designed with no knowledge of
the nano. However, there are add-ons that won’t work with the nano. Any
accessory that relies on a headphone jack being on top of an iPod won’t work,
because the nano’s jack is on the bottom. Any gadget that relies on a separate
remote-control jack won’t work, because the nano lacks this. The nano also
doesn’t support voice-recorder accessories, or cables that allow some older
iPods to display photos on a TV screen. I am buying a new PC for my home and
am wondering if it’s worth it to spend an extra $100 to get Windows XP
Professional instead of Windows XP Home. The only home users who need XP Pro
are those who connect remotely to their companies’ networks, and whose network
administrators have told them that the Pro version is needed to do so.
Otherwise, you can save the $100. The Home version of XP can connect remotely
to some company networks just fine, but others use a specific configuration
that is only supported by Microsoft in XP Pro. The Pro version has a few other
features that the Home version lacks, but they aren’t relevant to most home
users. By the way, when Microsoft issues its new Vista version of Windows in
the fall of 2006, the confusion over different editions of Windows is likely
to get much worse. The company is planning to offer many more editions of
Windows then, aimed at narrower market segments, and only an expensive,
“ultimate” version will have all the features in one package. Recently, I have
started to receive spam advertising pornography. My computer is a new Dell,
with Windows XP and all the usual antispyware and antivirus protections. Is
there anything I can do to stop receiving these emails? Antispyware and
antivirus software will do nothing to stop these noxious emails. What you need
is an antispam program or service. You didn’t say what email program you use,
but you should immediately turn on whatever antispam features it contains. Or,
if you are using Web-based email, turn on all the antispam options available.
If you aren’t using Web-based email, but use a program like Outlook or Outlook
Express, you can also buy add-on antispam programs that are built to block
pornographic ads and other forms of spam. The best of these is MailFrontier,
in my opinion (www.mailfrontier.com). However, spammers are persistent and
clever, and no software or service is guaranteed to stop all the offensive
mail they spew out. * * * Because of the volume of e-mail I receive, I can’t
routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or consult on individual
problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I receive and select
three each week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S. Mossberg at
mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with Apple, iPod, Windows, XP Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version