WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple’s Guidance Implies New
iPhone in September July 24, 2013 at 11:51 am PT Tweet Share Print Martin
HajekTim Cook said Apple has some great stuff coming “in the fall, and across
all of 2014.” But when, exactly, can we expect it? The company’s latest
earnings guidance may offer a clue. For its fourth quarter, Apple said it
expects revenue of $34 billion to $37 billion, with gross margins of 36
percent to 37 percent. And, according to BTIG analyst Walt Piecyk, those
numbers are only possible if the company debuts some new hardware in
September. “We don’t think that Apple can hit its newly issued revenue
guidance for the September quarter unless it launches new products,” Piecyk
said in a note to clients. “After delivering $35 billion in revenue in the
June quarter, management guided to $34-$37 billion next quarter. Revenue would
more typically drop multiple billions if the company had no new products
planned.” Apple’s fourth quarter ends on Sept. 28, so if Piecyk’s theory is
correct, we can expect to see some of that great stuff Cook has been touting
earlier that month. The device most likely to debut? Given the margin
forecast, a new iPhone. Said Piecyk, “The margin guidance also likely
indicates that the new product launch this quarter will be an iPhone and not a
lower margin iPad. While new iPhones are lower margin at launch, they are
still higher margin than iPads.” Incidentally, Piecyk isn’t the only analyst
with this view. Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty has a similar theory: Several
signs suggest that new products will ship in the September quarter. Apple
provided less transparency into gross margin influences for the September
quarter, seemingly to avoid pre-announcing new products. Apple provided a
wider than normal revenue guidance range of $3B, noting many moving parts in
the September quarter. Apple continues to talk about a “busy fall” which
coincides with suppliers ramping iPhone shipments in September and iPad
shipments in October. Tagged with: Apple, iPhone, iPhone 5s, Walter Piecyk
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version