WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Desktops Mini Is Solid Addition To Home Media Center
Despite Some Caveats March 9, 2006 at 11:59 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » This is a review of an interesting new entertainment-center
component that happens to also be a personal computer — a computer fully
capable of, say, creating a spreadsheet, but one you might never use that way.
This new product also happens to be a new Macintosh model from Apple Computer,
but, in its entertainment-system role, it works perfectly with Windows
computers. The new gadget is the latest version of Apple’s tiny Mac Mini
desktop computer — a petite silver and white box that’s just 6.5 inches square
and stands just two inches tall, small enough to tuck away on a shelf near a
TV. This Mini costs $599 and doesn’t include a monitor, keyboard or mouse. The
most important thing about the new Mac Mini is that it comes with Front Row,
Apple’s handsome software for controlling a computer from across a room, and
with the tiny, simple remote control Apple designed to work with Front Row.
You can just plug it into your TV and home audio system, fire up Front Row,
and watch any videos stored on its hard disk, listen to any songs it holds, or
view any photos it contains. It also plays DVDs. Even better, this new Mini
can automatically find — and stream to your home entertainment system — all
music and videos stored on any other computer on your home network, whether
Windows or Mac. All that’s required is that the other computers be running
Apple’s free iTunes software. The Mini can’t stream photos from a Windows PC,
but it can do so from another Mac. In my tests, all of this worked fine, and I
can recommend the new Mini with Front Row for anyone who wants to play back,
on a home entertainment system, media stored on a computer or multiple
computers. But there are a few caveats. First, this new Mini isn’t the so-
called media hub product Apple is rumored to be working on. It’s still too
much of a regular computer to fit that bill. A media hub product would be
entirely focused on the home entertainment task, and it would be much cheaper.
Second, company officials made it clear to me that the Front Row software is
still a work in progress that will gain more functions and power over the
coming months. This is a high priority inside Apple. Third, you can do
something similar with a Windows PC that uses Microsoft’s Media Center
software. In fact, Media Center, which I’ve reviewed several times in the
past, does more than Front Row, because it’s also capable of receiving and
recording TV programs. Microsoft has been ahead of Apple in this area, and
Media Center is very well designed. But I found the new Mini simpler to set
up. When I got one of the new Minis for testing, I first connected it to a
monitor, keyboard and mouse, simply so I could go through the new-computer
setup and copy over to the 60-gigabyte hard drive a bunch of songs, photos and
videos. Then, I took the Mini downstairs — sans monitor, keyboard and mouse —
and plugged it into my Sony Trinitron 35-inch analog TV using a $19 adapter
Apple sells and an S-video cable from RadioShack. I also plugged the Mini into
my speaker system using another accessory cable. I set the TV for the input
corresponding to the jacks the Mini was using, turned on the computer and
waited for it to boot up. Then, I pressed the menu button on the Apple remote.
Instantly, the Front Row menu appeared, and I was able to sit on my couch and
choose from four options: music, videos, DVD and photos. The menu — and all
the media I played — filled the TV screen and looked and sounded great. (The
Mini automatically detects that it’s hooked to a TV, and sets its video output
accordingly.) All my iTunes playlists were available, and each song was
accompanied by a large picture of its album cover on the TV screen. Videos
played perfectly, and photos were displayed as slide shows. If you click on
“shared music” or “shared videos” in Front Row, the Mini will search your home
network for other computers, and list them. I was able to stream music and
videos from my Hewlett-Packard desktop and my IBM ThinkPad laptop, both
running Windows XP; and from my portable and desktop Macs. There were a few
issues. All the videos took up to a minute to launch, a problem Apple says it
will address with a software upgrade eventually. Music playback wasn’t as
flexible as on iTunes — for instance, you can’t shuffle through songs in a
single playlist. Also, unless you connect a keyboard and mouse, you can’t add
new content to the Mini or upgrade its software. And Apple should really add
the ability to view photos from a Windows computer. In addition, video
playback is highly dependent on the speed and robustness of your home network.
In my tests, videos played perfectly, even from laptops connected wirelessly,
as long as the Mini itself was plugged into a wired connection. When both the
Mini and the laptops were wireless, the videos sometimes stalled. But that may
be due to the fact that my main TV is located in a room with especially weak
wireless reception. Your results may vary. All in all, the new Mini is a solid
addition to any entertainment center. Email me at mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged
with Apple, Mac, Macintosh, TV Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews
December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December
10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14
pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets
at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives
AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine
Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version