WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher As Microsoft Warily Eyes Google Buying Spree,
Will It Jump In or Play the Regulatory Card? December 22, 2009 at 4:57 am PT
Tweet Share Print Please see this disclosure related to me and Google. With
Google in the market for pretty much, well, everything, in the Web 2.0 space
of late–using its fat stock price and copious cash reserves–it stands to
reason that Microsoft would be in the same market too. But multiple sources
close to the situation said the software giant was caught short when Google
(GOOG) grabbed mobile advertising start-up AdMob recently with a massive $750
million acquisition price. Microsoft (MSFT) execs were similarly surprised
when news emerged late last week that the search giant was offering more than
$500 million for local search site Yelp, and were scrambling to figure out the
best response, because both their MSN portal and their new Bing search service
have been prominently emphasizing local recently. That Google-Yelp deal seems
to have gone off the rails for now. Interestingly, Yelp insiders, several
sources said, had considered Microsoft the only realistic spoiler–with both an
interest in and the means for making such a play–even as they have openly
scoffed at the idea of ever selling to Microsoft over the hipper and more
copacetic Google. In any case, maybe Microsoft will rise to the occasion now,
taking advantage of the Silicon Valley-style breakdown between Google and
Yelp. But if the company’s recent history is any guide, it could just sit with
a similarly large pile of cash on the sidelines, mulling its options. It has
certainly been a long mull for Microsoft, with no major acquisition in the
digital space since the summer of 2008, when it bought Greenfield Online, an
online market research and survey firm, for $486 million, as well as paying
$100 million for the semantic search engine Powerset. Microsoft also paid an
undisclosed amount for a small interactive online gaming company called
BigPark in May. Of course, there was the little matter of that famously failed
$44 billion bid for Yahoo (YHOO) that might have made it a bit wary, which was
preceded by its $240 million investment in Facebook in the fall of 2007 at a
$15 billion valuation. But for the most part, Microsoft has been focusing on
making its own product more innovative and competitive recently, especially
with its laudable effort with Bing, which has seen small but promising
results. What’s most certain is that if Google keeps up its acquisition spree,
there is certain to be a faceoff in Washington, D.C., with Microsoft more
likely to try to quash Google’s recent series of aggressive moves by making a
regulatory stink. The company did so rather effectively after Google bought
DoubleClick, delaying the closing of the deal significantly and engendering
the ire of top Google execs, who have not forgotten Microsoft’s sharp-elbowed
effort. They might not have to forget it, because it appears that it’s not
going to stop, according to some who have been briefed on Microsoft’s
thinking. “The notion being put forth is that Google is bidding an ‘antitrust’
premium on these properties, outbidding everyone else, so Microsoft is the
only other possibility,” said one source. “There’s no doubt Microsoft will
argue that if Google wins at this game, it should face significant regulatory
hurdles.” That kind of government review is what has already happened with
AdMob. And with Google in the crosshairs of publishers over a variety of
content issues–with Microsoft putting itself out as a white knight to some
media giants–expect more of the same going forward. In other words, if you
don’t bid, you block. Tagged with: acquisition, AdMob, advertising, antitrust,
bid, Bing, BoomTown, cash, content, D.C., digital, Facebook, financial,
Google, government, Greenfield Online, innovation, Internet, Kara Swisher,
local, market, Microsoft, MSN, portal, Powerset, publisher, regulatory,
research, search, semantic, Silicon Valley, software, Start-up, stock, survey,
valuation, Washington, Yahoo, Yelp You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December
31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD
Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us
if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD.
December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone.
What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye:
Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013
at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version