WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Netflix Posts an In-Line Quarter, but Investors Balk
(Updated) April 23, 2012 at 2:06 pm PT Tweet Share Print Reed Hastings had a
good Q1, and says the rest of the year will be good, too. Wall Street doesn’t
believe him, and is hammering the stock. His conference call, which starts at
6 pm ET, should be interesting. ————— Earlier: First look at Netflix numbers:
A loss of $0.08 a share on revenue of $870 million. Wall Street was expecting
revenues of $855 million and a loss of $0.27 a share. The crucial number:
23.41 million domestic streaming subscribers. Netflix had told investors to
expect 22.8 million to 23.6 million. Netflix had previously said it might lose
money throughout 2012, but now says things could get better sooner, and
predicts that it may turn a profit in Q2. “The improvement in the outlook is a
result of continued member growth (both domestically and internationally), as
well as increased efficiency of our content and marketing spending,” CEO Reed
Hastings writes in his shareholder letter. But the market isn’t happy with
something — shares are down 16 percent — so we’ll try to figure out why.
Perhaps this: “Q2 net adds will be below those of 2010, despite Q2 gross adds
following the traditional seasonal pattern, and despite us expecting to match
2010 in annual net additions,” Hastings writes. He adds: “We see nothing new
or particularly concerning this quarter to date in our member viewing,
acquisition and retention. All are healthy.” Someone disagrees. (Update: OK,
here’s Citi’s Mark Mahaney’s take on the market’s reaction. As I suspected, it
is about the paragraph above — Hastings is saying subscriber growth will slow
next quarter, but net out just fine for the year, and Wall Street doesn’t
believe him. “We believe this is due to concerns over the company’s Domestic
Streaming Net Adds outlook — 500K Net Adds in Q2 vs. the Street at 1.2MM. NFLX
is, however, laying out an outlook for 7MM Domestic Streaming Adds in 2011.
This is higher than our 5MM estimate, and we believe is in-line with or higher
than most Street estimates. The issue is market skepticism that NFLX can reach
this level given the June Quarter guide.”) Per usual, Hastings notes
competition from Amazon and Hulu, and now Comcast’s Streampix offering. Also
per usual, he says he can’t see any near-term effect from those services on
his business, but promises to “watch them carefully.” And again, he argues
that his long-term competition comes from the cable guys, and the promise of
their “TV Everywhere” strategy. Hastings also said the company’s expansion
into U.K. and Ireland is promising. But he acknowledges what many Wall Street
analysts have already concluded: Latin America will be a challenge. “The odds
of us building a large, profitable business in Latin America are very good,
but it will take longer than we initially thought.” Again, here’s the “cheat
sheet” from Citi’s Mark Mahaney so you can try to interpret the numbers
yourself. Tagged with: Amazon, Citigroup, earnings, Mark Mahaney, Netflix,
Reed Hastings, streaming video, subscription, video, Web video Twitter Asks
You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using
Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version