WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Ever Made a Wi-Fi Device? You Probably Just
Got Sued. March 17, 2011 at 4:03 pm PT Tweet Share Print Ever heard of Mosaid
Technology? Neither have I, but it’s a Canadian chip designer that’s been
around since 1975. And if you’re among the 17 companies it sued today, you
probably wish you’d never heard of it. That’s right, 17 companies all at once,
and all over six patents related to Wi-Fi that it says are being infringed.
The defendants include household names like Dell, Research In Motion, Intel,
Canon and Asus, as well as some lesser known names in tech like Atheros–the
wireless chipmaker that’s being acquired by Qualcomm–Marvell Semiconductor and
the Chinese networking concern Huawei. The suit was filed in the United States
District Court Eastern District of Texas, which is notable because this
district has developed something of a reputation of being friendly to so-
called patent trolls, companies who make their living not by making products,
but by suing established companies with the resources to either pay damages or
cash settlements after arguably infringing on some patents they happen to
have. When a few cases filed in this court went in favor of the plaintiff some
years ago, numerous others followed. It also gained the nickname of “rocket
docket,” meaning patent cases tended to be wrapped up inside of one to two
years, much faster than in other courts. Mosaid says it has licensed the six
patents in question to 15 other companies, some of which you’ve heard of. They
include Sony, Samsung, Panasonic and Nokia. And if you’re not on either
list–sued today or working with a license–and sell a Wi-Fi enabled product,
you can probably bet that Mosaid is coming for you sooner or later. As Mosaid
CEO John Lindgren put it in a company statement: “We believe that all
companies offering products that implement the Wi-Fi standard require a
license to our wireless patents.” Sounds like Mosaid’s lawyers are going to be
busy. Tagged with: Arik Hesseldahl, Asus, Atheros, Canon, Dell, Huawei
Technologies, Intel, John Lindgren, lawsuits, litigation, Marvell
Semiconductor, Mosaid, NewEnterprise, Nokia, ony, Panasonic, patents,
Qualcomm, Research In Motion, Samsung, United States District Court Eastern
District of Texas, Wi-Fi Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor
December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the
NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to
Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise
Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at
3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise
December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version