Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Strategy Guides / Ad Formats
Awareness to Conversion: The Best Ad Types for Every Stage of the Funnel
Advertisers are most successful when they take a full-funnel approach to
marketing, rather than just focusing on one stage of a customer’s journey to
purchase. The three main stages of the funnel — awareness, consideration, and
conversion — are all distinct, playing an important role in driving customers
through to purchase. Awareness If your goal is to generate brand awareness,
prioritize content that is immediately consumable in-platform. There’s no need
to link out, as the focus of the content is within the ad. A link can be
included, however, as a secondary focus within the copy. Consideration
Messaging for consideration campaigns should be informative and product-
focused. All image and video-based units should link to site to allow for
further research, and you should utilize calls to action (CTAs) to encourage
traffic. Showcase your product’s unique selling point to encourage
consideration against competitors. Depending on brand goals, your objective
will typically be traffic or webpage views. Conversion Test price-point or
promotion messaging, include the key benefits of the product, and use strong
CTAs to convert. Conversion ads are the most impactful when there is custom
messaging for new vs. returning customers. At each stage of the funnel, there
are different ad formats and content types that are most successful, together
forming a full-funnel, successful social advertising strategy. Click
“Download” below to access our complete guide, featuring an overview of how to
target and measure at each stage of the funnel, along with suggested ad
formats for reaching your customers before they know you, when they’re
thinking about you, and finally, when they’re ready to buy. Office New York
Share Categories Strategy Guides Back To Insights > Fill out form to access
download Submit Download the full insight Download Let's Start Something
Remarkable Today Contact Us Be Remarkable General Inquiries
contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com
New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy
Contact