Skip to main content Free Trial +61 (0) 2 9964 8100 Contact Us Australia
United Kingdom United States France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning
Consolidation Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive
Insights, we make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world.
Software for people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business
Planning Cloud Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales
Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling Collaboration Dashboards
and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board & External Reporting
Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active Planning? The Costs
of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio, Churn, ARR? SaaS
businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling growth and
monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our solution for SaaS
companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual Processes Data
Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration Professional Development
Need Workforce Management Revenue Management Expense Management Financial
Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance Sheet & Cash Flow
Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Business Services Nonprofit Higher
Education Manufacturing Retail Financial Services Insurance Energy & Utilities
Business Size Midsize Companies Large Enterprises Divisions Customers Learn
how moving to a cloud-based platform cut costs and simplified the budgeting
process. LEARN MORE Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews Services
Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success Management Support
Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2016 Magic Quadrant
Strategic Corporate Performance Management Solutions report LEARN MORE Learn
Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks Infographics Video
Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company Customer Success How To
Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s next at Adaptive Live
2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your success. That’s why you
should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we explore how Adaptive Insights
can help your organisation prepare for the unexpected in today’s rapidly
changing world. Register now Live Group Demo Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific)
save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear how Adaptive's Finance team uses
the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-Person Events Webinars Adaptive
Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership Partners Locate a Partner Partner
Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst
Reports In the News Press Kit Careers Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer
Success Success Stories Services Reviews American Football Team Tackles Big
Data With Greater Visibility Bottom-To-Top Insights Give an Operational
Advantage for Arizona Cardinals English English, British – UK Every year
working in the NFL, we always have new challenges. Sometimes it’s the seasonal
headcount by department, the number of events at the stadium, the new
opponents that we’re playing at our stadium, or where we have to go the next
year for the football season. No matter what, Adaptive Insights allows us the
flexibility to make those decisions and plan for a successful season. Justin
Saltzman, Accounting Manager A successful sports season takes making plays
beyond the field. Professional football team Arizona Cardinals sought
visibility into the expenses and revenue streams behind the scenes, including
its television department, stadium video board, and even Big Red, the team
mascot. The intuitive interface of Adaptive Insights enabled budget managers
across the organisation to plug-and-play data. Insights from the ground up
position the executive management team to make data-driven decisions for a win
beyond the scoreboard. Challenges Lengthy budgeting process using spreadsheets
Needed a solution that first meets the needs of budget collaborators, rather
than accounting Integrate fluctuating or unplanned seasonal expenses,
including hires, travel and stadium events Results Greater visibility into
data across departments, empowering the top management with deeper insights
User-friendly features enable budget managers to easily record data Cloud-
based software allows immediate accessibility to financial information About:
The Cardinals, founded in 1898 and a charter member of the National American
Football League, hold the distinction of being the oldest continuously run
professional football franchise in the nation. After 28 years in St. Louis,
the Cardinals relocated to Arizona in the spring of 1988 and made Sun Devil
Stadium on the campus of Arizona State University their new home. Location:
Tempe, AZ Industry: Other Every year working in the NFL, we always have new
challenges. Sometimes it’s the seasonal headcount by department, the number of
events at the stadium, the new opponents that we’re playing at our stadium, or
where we have to go the next year for the football season. No matter what,
Adaptive Insights allows us the flexibility to make those decisions and plan
for a successful season. Justin Saltzman, Accounting Manager Watch Demo Free
Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance for Sales Technology
Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col 2Solutions for your:Challenges Need
Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer SuccessSuccess Stories
Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO Indicators Datasheets Demos
eBooks Infographic Videos Webcasts White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog Events
In-person Events Webinars Footer Menu Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners
Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive
Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W.
Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94303 ×Close