WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher BoomTown Decodes Jerry Yang's Here-Comes-the-
Weasel-Consultants Memo (So You Don't Have To!) September 25, 2008 at 6:16 am
PT Tweet Share Print Oh, this is just too good to pass up, so it is once again
time for BoomTown to let you know exactly what Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang actually
meant in his internal memo to employees about the hiring of Bain & Co. to
evaluate its troubled business systems. Jerry wrote: yahoos, it’s time for
another update. Translation: Yep! Still no adult punctuation! We might
continue to face serious big-boy issues at the company, but we refuse to give
in on our insistence on kindergarten spelling patterns. In that vein, would
you like a nice cold glass of chocolate milk before I get to the bad news?
Jerry wrote: as a company, we’ve made some great progress this year. while it
hasn’t been easy, especially in light of the challenges we’ve faced (not to
mention the current downturn in the macro economic environment), we’ve
accomplished a tremendous amount and we’re all working hard to continue
executing on the company’s strategic plan. Translation: As a company, we have
managed to avoid disaster more times that Serena and Dan have broken up and
reunited on one episode of “Gossip Girl.” We’re foiled Steve Ballmer of
Microsoft (MSFT)! We’ve co-opted shareholder activist Carl Icahn! We’ve pissed
off investors like Gordon Crawford! Much like Serena and Dan, who are arguably
a lot sexier to watch in their state of complete plot paralysis, that all this
has moved Yahoo (YHOO) precisely zero feet forward in terms of true changes at
the company does not matter. Jerry wrote: as we look ahead and to position us
for success in 2009, we’re continuing the work already underway to get fit as
an organization: actively looking for ways to make process and structural
changes to our business that will allow us to work more efficiently, with more
scale. we’ve enlisted the help of Bain & Co. to work with the leadership team
on identifying ways to leverage our strengths, and to improve and accelerate
our performance. we all know and experience parts of yahoo! where we can do
better and be more agile in a competitive marketplace. this is consistent with
what you told us in the YEES survey conducted in may–we need to find easier
ways to work within yahoo!, and more importantly, create an even better
experience for our customers and users. Translation: Here come the weasel
management consultants! By saying “actively looking for ways to make process
and structural changes to our business that will allow us to work more
efficiently,” we actually mean layoffs. By “identifying ways to leverage our
strengths, and to improve and accelerate our performance,” we actually mean
learning how to make layoffs. By “we need to find easier ways to work within
yahoo!,” we actually mean having the weasels, oops, Bain, tell us the best way
to get rid of people via … layoffs! Jerry wrote: each one of us will play an
important role in this process. in the coming weeks, we’ll be soliciting your
input and feedback. i want to know how we can improve the way we work with
each other, and the way others work with yahoo!. Translation: While the famous
“Peanut Butter Manifesto” by Brad Garlinghouse (who laid himself off!)
outlined all this and more years and years ago, we’d like you to tell us the
best way to fix what’s broken, even though that has been, well, the presumable
job of management. Also, if you have any thoughts on who we should lay off,
please do not hesitate to put your suggestions in the purple boxes we have
placed strategically throughout the campus (and stuffing ballots with my name
on them will not count!). Jerry wrote: i know that yahoo! can benefit greatly
from more discipline among all departments and functions, across the company.
longer term, getting fit now will enable us to be more successful moving
forward. Translation: Discipline = layoffs. Getting fit = layoffs. But just
think how lean and trim we’ll look when it is all over! Jerry wrote: thanks,
jerry Translation: Thanks and please don’t forget to take your complimentary
purple Yahoo cozy on the way out! (The Bain people said it would be a nice
touch.) And, as an added plus, here is a decoding of the fully-punctuated
statement Yahoo PR guy Brad Williams made about rumors of possible layoffs at
the company: Brad wrote: Yahoo! has been exploring ways to streamline our
processes and bring new agility and efficiency to how we work as an
organization. As part of this effort, we have engaged Bain & Co. to help us
identify opportunities for improvement. This work is well underway, with the
ultimate goal of positioning Yahoo! to achieve long-term, sustainable growth.
Translation: After I am laid off, I think we can all agree that this kind of
stunning verbal acrobatics is sure to impress the folks over at Dunder
Mifflin, where I hope to work next. Tagged with: Bain & Co., BoomTown, Brad
Garlinghouse, Brad Williams, Carl Icahn, chocolate milk, Dan, decode, Dunder
Mifflin, Gordon Crawford, Gossip Girl, Jerry Yang, layoff, memo, Microsoft,
peanut butter, Serena, Steve Ballmer, translation, weasel, Yahoo You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » There was a worry before I started this that I was going to burn
every bridge I had. But I realize now that there are some bridges that are
worth burning.— Valleywag editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version