Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Signs Biomarker Discovery Collaboration Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb
05/08/2013 SEATTLE, WA, May 8, 2013 – Adaptive Biotechnologies announced today
that it has entered into a collaboration agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb
for the discovery of immunological biomarkers in oncology. Under the
collaboration, Adaptive will use its proprietary immune profiling assay,
immunoSEQ, to identify potential biomarkers that may inform about drug
response. The immunoSEQ assay uses high throughput next-generation sequencing
to characterize the repertoire of T and B cell receptors. Application of this
technology is being explored in cells of cancer patients, to assess the impact
of treatments on the immune system and evaluated as a tool to identify patient
populations who might be more likely to respond to targeted therapies based on
their immune status. “We are delighted to collaborate with Bristol-Myers
Squibb to help uncover immunological biomarkers of response to cancer agents,”
said Chad Robins, CEO and Founder of Adaptive Biotechnologies. “Collaborating
with Bristol-Myers Squibb is a real win for companies like ours that are
committed to deepening the understanding of the interaction between the host
immune system and the cancer cells themselves.” About Adaptive Biotechnologies
Corporation and immunoSEQ™ Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation
(http://www.adaptivebiotech.com), headquartered in Seattle, WA, is pioneering
the field of genomic immunology. The company’s core competency is developing
next generation sequencing assays that characterize the adaptive immune
system, serving as a platform technology to the research and clinical
communities as well as the biopharmaceutical industry. Adaptive operates a
state-of-the-art high throughput centralized laboratory in Seattle that is
CLIA certified and will be accepting clinical samples in 2013. Its flagship
commercial product, immunoSEQ (http://www.immunoSEQ.com), uses a proprietary
immune profiling assay to analyze T cells and B cells – critical components of
the adaptive immune system’s defense against disease – with unprecedented
depth and specificity. In early 2013, the company introduced clonoSEQ
(http://www.clonoseq.com), a clinical assay to measure and monitor minimal
residual disease (MRD) in a range of blood-based cancers that is significantly
more sensitive than today’s most common tests. All of Adaptive
Biotechnologies’ assays are coupled with a cloud-computing infrastructure that
simplifies the interpretation of massive quantities of data in a user-friendly
interface. Previous Press Release Adaptive CEO Robins speaks at Xconomy’s
Biotech Conference 04/12/2013 Next Press Release ASCO Presentation Shows
Sequenta’s LymphoSIGHT Technology is Highly Predictive of Survival in Multiple
Myeloma Patients 06/03/2013 Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics
(888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications
Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS
clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer
Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators
About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive
Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks
Licenses