WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Tiny Tim Takes Over AOL–But Does He Have Big
Plans? March 25, 2009 at 3:22 pm PT Tweet Share Print This is just too cute to
pass up. Apparently, some staffers at AOL are using a teeny-weeny cartoon–seen
here–of new CEO Tim Armstrong as the icon on their instant messaging program.
It was apparently made for Armstrong by AOL’s owner, Time Warner (TWX). Sorry
it’s so little, but the picture gets blurry if made larger. The strapping-in-
real-life former Google (GOOG) advertising head took over AOL unexpectedly two
weeks ago, after its two leaders, CEO Randy Falco and President Ron Grant,
were shown the door. Since he got the job, the big version of Armstrong has
been busy making the rounds, even though he does not officially start until
April 7. But Armstrong (pictured here in non-superhero form), many sources
said, has been talking up many current and former AOLers–many from its glory
days–to learn as much as he can about what he needs to do to force the once-
mighty online icon back to relevance. He’ll likely start with a spinoff of the
service, and sooner than later, especially if the stock market continues to
not tank so much. Of course, to make the most of that, it’ll take a bolder
strategy from Armstrong than just selling more advertising, getting a better
search deal, adding more content and creating new social-networking widgets.
In fact, here’s a free tip for Armstrong from someone who has watched the
slow-moving AOL train wreck for far too long: Think much, much bigger than a
tiny Tim does. More on that, soon… Tagged with: advertising, AOL, BoomTown,
cartoon, content, digital, econalypse, Google, icon, instant messaging,
Internet, Kara Swisher, Randy Falco, Ron Grant, search, social networking,
spin off, superhero, Tim Armstrong, Time Warner, tiny You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a
fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality
and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt
Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara
Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes
Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version