Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us HIPAA NOTICE
OF PRIVACY PRACTICES Effective Date: July 30, 2018 Effective Date: July 30,
2018 THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND
DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT
CAREFULLY. In this Notice of Privacy Practices, we at Adaptive Biotechnologies
Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Adaptive,” “we” or “us”),
explain our practices regarding the use and disclosure of medical and other
personal information about you that we collect in conjunction with our
clinical laboratory businesses, such as our clonoSEQ® service, and your rights
relating to that information. OVERVIEW Your Rights You have the right to: Get
a copy of your medical record Correct your medical record Request confidential
communications Ask us to limit the information we use or share Get a list of
those with whom we’ve shared your information for certain purposes Get a copy
of this privacy notice Choose someone to act for you Ask questions File a
complaint if you believe your privacy rights have been violated Your Choices
You have some choices in the way that we use and share information, such as
how or whether we: Tell family and friends about your condition Provide
information so that you may be located or rescued Engage in sales and
marketing activities Our Uses and Disclosures We may use and share your
information for various reasons, such as when we: Provide clinical laboratory
services for you Run our organization Bill for testing services Help with
public health and safety issues Do research under certain conditions Work with
a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director Comply with the law Address
workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government or judicial
requests Respond to lawsuits and legal actions Each of the topics above is
discussed in greater detail below. YOUR RIGHTS When it comes to your health
information, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and
some of our responsibilities to help you. In each case, if you have questions
about how to exercise your rights, please email us at
privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical
record You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical
record and other health information we have about you. We will provide a copy
or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your
request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee for any copy or summary.
Ask us to correct your medical record You can ask us to correct health
information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. We may say
“no” to your request, but if we do, we’ll tell you why in writing within 60
days. Request confidential communications You can ask us to contact you in a
specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a
different address. We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests. Ask us to
limit what we use or share You can ask us not to use or share certain of your
health information. Except as noted just below, we are not required to agree
to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care or for other
justifiable reasons. If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-
pocket in full, you can ask us not to share with your health insurer any
information about your receipt of that service or health care item. We will
say “yes” unless a law requires us to do otherwise. Get a list of those with
whom we’ve shared information You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times
we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask,
who we shared it with, and why. We will include in that list all disclosures
except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and
certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide
one accounting per year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee
if you ask for another one within 12 months. Get a copy of this privacy notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have
agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper
copy promptly. Choose someone to act for you If you have given someone medical
power of attorney or if someone is your legal representative or guardian (or,
in some cases, if someone is an administrator, executor, or other authorized
person responsible for your estate), that person can exercise your rights and
make choices about our uses and disclosures of your health information. If you
are an unemancipated minor, your parent or legal guardian may exercise your
rights and make choices about our uses and disclosures of your health
information on your behalf. We will do what we can to make sure that any
person who purports to be your legal representative has this authority before
we take any action as directed or authorized by that person. Ask questions You
can ask questions about this notice and your rights at any time. Please
contact our Customer Service Department or email us at
privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. File a complaint if you feel your rights are
violated You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by
contacting us either by mail at Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation, Attn:
Privacy Officer, 1551 Eastlake Avenue East Suite 200, Seattle, Washington
98102, or by email at privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. You can file a complaint
with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights
by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201,
calling 1-877-696-6775, or visiting
http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/ We will not retaliate against
you for complaining to us or filing a complaint. YOUR CHOICES In certain
circumstances, you have the right to choose when and how much of your health
information we may share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your
information in any of the situations described below, please email us at
privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will
follow your instructions regarding the choices described below. You have the
right to tell us to: Share information with your family, close friends, or
others involved in your care or payment for your care Share information with a
disaster relief organization or others in order to help notify a person
involved in your care about your location, condition, or vital status Share
information with organ procurement organizations or related entities for the
purpose of facilitating organ or tissue donation and transplantation If you
are not able to tell us your preference, we may go ahead and share your
information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your
information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or
safety. In the cases below, we are prohibited from sharing your personal
health information unless you give us written permission: Disclosure to third
parties for marketing purposes Sale of your information, although as we
continue to develop our business, we might sell or acquire subsidiaries,
affiliates or business units. In such transactions, health records information
generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely
event that Adaptive or substantially all of its assets are acquired, health
records will of course be one of the transferred assets. OUR USES AND
DISCLOSURES In accordance with applicable federal and state law, we typically
use or share your health information in the following ways. Providing clinical
laboratory services for you We can use your health information and share it
with other professionals who are treating you. Example: Discussions of the
minimal residual disease result with your treating physician. Run our
organization or help your health care provider run their organization We can
use and share your health information to run our laboratory, develop and
improve our services to improve your care, and contact you when necessary. We
can also share your health information with your health care provider to help
them run their business, such as to process claims for payment for services
they provide to you or to conduct quality control. Example: We share health
information about you with our third party service providers to manage our
business, for example helping us process your test orders and helping us
securely store your information. Bill for your services We can use and share
your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other
entities. Example: We may give information about you to a third party billing
business associate to forward to your health insurance plan so it will pay for
the services you received. Help with public health and safety issues We can
share health information about you for certain situations such as: Preventing
disease Participating in public health investigations Helping with product
recalls Reporting adverse reactions to medications or certain other injuries
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence Preventing or
reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety Do research We may
maintain certain of your information in certain databases, which may be used
or accessed by individuals within our organization for research purposes. We
can use or share your information for health research (1) if we have obtained
your signed authorization or (2) if we have received approval from an
Institutional Review Board or Privacy Board to conduct the research without
your express authorization. We can also use your information without your
signed authorization to prepare for research, such as to prepare a research
protocol, or share it for those purposes. We generally may share information
for research purposes about anyone who is deceased without the deceased’s
signed authorization. Work with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral
director We can share health information about an individual with a coroner,
medical examiner, or funeral director when the individual dies. Address
workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests Subject
to certain limitations, we can use or share health information about you: For
workers’ compensation claims or benefits For law enforcement purposes or with
a law enforcement official With health oversight agencies for activities
authorized by law For special government functions such as military, national
security, and presidential protective services Comply with the law We will
share information about you if state, federal or national laws require it,
including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see
that we’re complying with federal privacy law. Respond to lawsuits and legal
actions or proceedings We can share health information about you in response
to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena or other
lawful process. How else can we use or share your health information? We are
allowed or required to share your information in other ways and to other
individuals–often in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public
health or for law enforcement purposes. For more information see:
http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html We may
not use or share your information other than as described in this notice
without your written authorization. If you do provide such authorization, you
may revoke that authorization, in whole or in part, at any time. You must send
us your revocation in writing. OUR RESPONSIBILITIES We are required to:
maintain the privacy and security of your personal health information in
accordance with applicable law; provide you with this notice of our legal
duties and privacy practices with respect to your personal health information;
notify you if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or
security of your personal health information; and adhere to the duties and
privacy practices described in this notice and give you a paper copy of the
notice upon your request.. For more information see:
www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html CHANGES TO
TERMS OF THIS NOTICE We can change the terms of this notice, and the changes
will apply to all information we have about you. The new notice will be
available upon request, in our office, and on our web site. OTHER INSTRUCTIONS
FOR NOTICE Adaptive’s U.S. Privacy Officer and International Data Protection
Officer is Kate Godfrey, Vice President, Compliance and Privacy Officer, who
can be reached by mail at 1551 Eastlake Avenue East, Suite 200, Seattle,
Washington 98102, by telephone at (206) 693-2227 or by email at
privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics
(888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications
Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS
clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer
Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators
About UsOur Story Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive
Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks
Licenses