WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and Oculus
VR Makes Perfect Sense December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Tweet Share Print Team
Fortress 2’s Soldier, Pyro and Heavytry the Oculus Rift.One factoid from
Oculus VR’s $75 million funding round last week merits a bit more
contemplation: The virtual reality startup might not have scored that mega
round if the more established games company Valve had not come to its aid.
According to Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, Valve’s R&D; department, led by
longtime virtual reality proponent Michael Abrash, helped the younger company
reach a hardware breakthrough that dramatically cut down on its Rift headset’s
tendency to induce motion sickness. That’s a big deal, since Oculus has enough
of a competitive uphill slog ahead of it without having to deal with half its
users losing their lunches. To industry watchers, this may seem a bit odd.
After all, isn’t Valve supposed to be working on its own virtual reality
headset, to be unveiled in January? Obvious counterpoint: Valve wants to
encourage more developer interest in the ecosystem now, since making games
comfortable in VR can be time-consuming. But the relationship goes much deeper
than that. Nearly a year ago, Valve became the first major developer to pledge
that it would port some of its own software to the Rift, starting with its
popular multiplayer battle game Team Fortress 2. And remember, the Rift still
isn’t expected for a consumer release until sometime next year; the only units
in the wild right now are inelegant “kits” intended for developers. Currently,
the Rift’s nascent games store is a mixed bag — well-known properties like
Team Fortress 2 and an unofficial modified-for-VR version of Minecraft called
Minecrift mingle with tech demos and indie experiments. But a different store,
Valve’s dominant PC games network Steam, today added the ability to search
specifically for games with “VR Support.” Oculus VR CTO John CarmackStill not
enough? Fine, then consider the two companies’ histories: Valve burst onto the
gaming scene in the late ’90s with the groundbreaking first-person shooter
game Half-Life and the first Team Fortress game, Team Fortress Classic. TFC
was a throwback to a mod of Id Software’s 1996 shooter Quake, and Half-Life
was built on top of a licensed version of the Quake engine, granted by Id co-
founder John Carmack thanks to the lobbying of Id programmer Michael Abrash.
Hey, that name rings a bell … oh, right, Abrash is the guy now at Valve R&D;
who helped Oculus with its latest prototype. At Id in the mid-’90s, he and
Carmack delved deep into virtual reality and built their own headset
prototype, Iribe said, but found that latency was a big issue. And where’s
Carmack now? The game pioneer and insta-credibility-creator has exited Id and
is instead CTO at Oculus. We’ll know better whether this incestuous history
and chummy diplomacy will lead to anything bigger in 2014 — an acquisition,
perhaps, or just a more formalized partnership — once Valve lays out the rest
of its virtual reality cards in January. But with Valve’s own underdog
experimental consoles, the Linux-based Steam Machines, already in the
pipeline, the two companies are on the same road: Parlaying new hardware and
hype/enthusiasm from both gamers and developers to try to shake up gaming in
the home. Here’s what Valve has: A secure foothold in the gaming community,
high-quality content, good relationships with hundreds of developers and a
path to growing a mainstream gamer audience while staying independent. Here’s
what Oculus needs: All of the above. Tagged with: Brendan Iribe, Gabe Newell,
games, gaming, Half-Life, id Software, John Carmack, latency, Linux, Michael
Abrash, Minecraft, Minecrift, Oculus Rift, Oculus VR, Quake, R&D;, Steam,
Steam Machines, Team Fortress 2, Team Fortress Classic, TF2, Valve,
videogames, virtual reality, VR QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises
Another $22 Million December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review:
WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at
5:30 pm PT Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19,
2013 at 1:52 pm PT Despite Free-to-Play Explosion, Apple Puts Spotlight on
Paid Games December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » First the NSA
came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at this point, and I said
nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker Higgins via Twitter
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version