WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Laptops The Laptops to Buy October 22, 2013 at 6:04 pm
PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » There’s good news for laptop buyers in
my fall guide this time: The confusing changes in the sagging laptop industry
have settled down enough that if you need one, now may be the time to buy one.
Microsoft and Apple are launching tweaked versions of their operating systems,
but they aren’t radical changes this time that require a lot of new learning.
And Intel has introduced new processors, which greatly enhance laptop battery
life on both Windows and Mac models. While prices of touchscreen Windows 8
laptops can still surge above $1,000, especially for the thinnest models, they
seem to have eased a bit and you can find plenty of choices between $600 and
$900. The stores have stopped pushing most of the clumsier tablet-laptop
hybrids. Let me be clear: If you found Windows 8 with its dual user interfaces
confusing, you still will. The new, modified version called Windows 8.1 is
built on the same fundamental design. And Microsoft is still putting most of
its emphasis on the tabletlike Start screen, which works best with a
touchscreen and much better on a tablet than on a laptop. But in a concession
to rebellious users, the company has made it possible to bypass the Start
screen at startup and go right to the familiar Windows desktop — provided you
can find the buried setting that permits this. So here are some tips on what
to look for in a laptop this fall. As always, this guide is meant for average
users doing typical tasks, not corporate IT staffs, or people doing heavy-duty
work like video production. With Intel’s new processors, Apple’s MacBook Air
lasted more than 10 hours in one test. Processors If you care about battery
life in a laptop, look for what Intel calls its 4th Generation Core
processors. Back in June, when I tested one of the first laptops to adopt this
chip—Apple’s MacBook Air—it racked up a 65% gain in battery life and lasted
over 10 hours on a single charge in my harsh battery test. A paper-thin Sony
running Windows 8 lasted nearly six hours. It can be hard to tell which
laptops have these new processors since they are still named Core i3, i5 and
i7, just like the last generation. Look for a redesigned “Intel Inside”
sticker on the laptop. Sony’s Sony Vaio Pro 13 ultrabook lasted nearly six
hours in a test. Models with the new, battery-boosting chips have a more
vertical blue sticker with a gold band across the top edge, as opposed to the
older horizontal sticker with a gold band in the middle. Typical users should
choose an i5 version. Windows vs. Mac Unlike Windows vendors, Apple has stuck
with standard screens and built its many touch gestures into the large,
smooth-running touch pads on its MacBooks. Laptops that contort into a tablet
using special hinges and slide mechanisms tend to make for thick and heavy
tablets. As always, Macs aren’t the cheapest laptops, starting at $999. And
they only come in two lines, the thinner, lighter MacBook Air and the beefier
MacBook Pro. If you prefer Windows 8, are looking for variety, or are on a
budget, you want a Windows laptop. But the Macs are excellent, reliable,
versatile products and far less susceptible to viruses than Windows PCs. Apple
is using the new 4th Generation Intel processors. The company has a new
version of its operating system, called Mavericks, which claims greater speed,
improvements to the built-in apps and Mac versions of two iPhone and iPad
apps: iBooks and Maps. Touchscreens You no longer need to buy a touchscreen
laptop to get the most out of a Windows 8 laptop. Windows 8.1 allows you to
boot directly into the familiar desktop, which is best used with a keyboard
and mouse. And the mouse and keyboard will work for the touch-centric parts of
Windows. If you expect to spend a lot of time in the Start screen and the
tabletlike apps that live there, I advise using a touchscreen. Tablets vs.
Laptops Tablets are taking over many of the tasks, including word processing,
that were formerly commonly done on laptops. If your laptop is doing fine and
you want a new device, it’s worth considering a quality tablet like an iPad or
a name-brand Android model. Apple brought out new, faster iPad models Tuesday.
Convertibles These combo laptops, which attempt to contort into a tablet using
special hinges and slide mechanisms, seem to be fading. I don’t recommend them
because they tend to make for thick, heavy tablets. The Asus Transformer Book
T100 is a 10-inch tablet running full Windows 8.1 that snaps into a laptop
keyboard. Detachables On the other hand, I do like the idea of Windows 8
laptops in which the screen can be removed and used as a tablet. These
machines, called detachables, are getting better and less expensive. One
interesting model I tried briefly — but did not thoroughly test — is the Asus
Transformer Book T100, which starts at $349. It’s a 10-inch tablet running
full Windows 8.1 that snaps into a laptop keyboard. Machines with Intel’s 4th
Generation Core processors have a sticker with a gold band at the top, not the
middle. Price You can still buy Windows laptops for as little as $250 or $300,
but I don’t recommend it because they tend to use old or lower-quality
components. A good midrange price is around $500 to $700. Touchscreen models
and those with the latest processors, or the thinnest and lightest bodies, run
highest. Bottom Line It’s safe to buy a laptop again. Just pay attention to
those Intel stickers. Email Walt at mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with Apple, ATD
Facebook, featured review, holiday 2013, laptop guide, MacBook, MacBook Air,
MacBook Pro, Microsoft, OS X, Windows, Windows 8 Top Products in Two Decades
of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your
Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December
10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm
PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the
Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg
and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version