WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher What Could Facebook's Beacon Have Been (and Still
Be)? December 18, 2007 at 12:31 am PT Tweet Share Print Just because it is the
holiday season and BoomTown is feeling all holly and jolly and merry, it
doesn’t mean we’re going to back down on the fiasco that was, is and will
always be Facebook’s Beacon. In fact, we’re hopping mad all over again after a
talk we had last week with a very smart exec at a company that Facebook does a
lot of business with, who posited the right way the social-networking
phenomenon could have rolled out the now radioactive ad system. It did not
have to be that way, as the exec I was talking to noted, if Facebook had first
launched the Beacon service–which can track your purchases on some external
sites and send the information back to your Facebook profile’s news feed–as a
noncommercial tool for users, focusing on things they had posted on a range of
external Web sites that they actually might like being broadcast back to
friends at Facebook. Specifically, that could mean popular sharing sites like
Flickr, YouTube, Yelp, Craigslist and Twitter, or any place where people like
to and–more importantly–intend to share. Finding an easy way to let friends
know what you are posting on the Web, as anyone knows, is still not very easy
at all to do. Thus, Facebook would have provided a valuable service if it had
just tweaked Beacon to be actually helpful, rather than actually stalkerish.
So why did Facebook focus the service on ads first? Well, to my mind, there
were 15 billion reasons. In other words, Facebook had to and has to
desperately find some sort of magic advertising pill to sell to somehow
backfill its spectacularly impossible $15 billion valuation, a financing whose
pressure to perform is clearly at the rotten core of the Beacon program. So a
successful Beacon meant a successful Facebook, even if it was not such a
successful idea to help consumers. During a discussion of the mess, the exec
noted correctly that the real problem lay in the fact that there has never
been a true value proposition offered to Facebook users for tolerating Beacon.
In fact, the value accrued only to Facebook and to the advertiser or retailer,
who might get new sales. Advertisers’ reasons for Beaconing are obvious–there
is a benefit to this kind of deep relationship-targeting, or there surely will
be over time. After much noise over Beacon, Facebook did back down, trying to
assuage those critics by giving users more control over the data with a global
opt-out option for users. That still has raised a lot of questions about
security and privacy of data that still could be transmitted. And it also did
not put the onus on Facebook to remove its opt-out system and try to design
something users would want to opt-in to. Opting in, of course, is at the heart
of Facebook’s third-party universe of widgets, which users can pick and choose
from without being forced to. It would be nice then, if Facebook would extend
those same rights to its audience that it does when it is happily serving up
SuperPokes and Vampire Bites. Tagged with: advertising, Beacon, BoomTown,
Craigs List, digital, Facebook, Flickr, Internet, Kara Swisher, Mark
Zuckerberg, social networking, Yelp You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December
31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD
Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us
if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD.
December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone.
What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye:
Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013
at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Just as the atom bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war
obsolete, the Internet seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-
destructive genius, an economic doomsday device rendering it impossible for
anyone to ever make a profit off anything again. It’s especially hopeless for
those whose work is easily digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim
Kreider on not getting paid for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version