Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Pfizer Enters
into Translational Research Collaboration with Adaptive Biotechnologies to
Help Advance Novel Immuno-Oncology Solutions 01/08/2016 January 8, 2016 – New
York, NY and Seattle, WA (U.S.) – Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Adaptive
Biotechnologies Corporation have entered into a translational research
collaboration to leverage next generation sequencing of the adaptive immune
system to advance Pfizer’s growing immuno-oncology franchise. Under the terms
of the agreement, Pfizer and Adaptive will seek to combine drug development
and platform technology biomarker expertise to identify patients who may
preferentially benefit from immunotherapy. Understanding and reliably
measuring each patient’s immune response to their cancer before and after
therapy is critical to defining the most appropriate immunotherapy for that
patient. Adaptive’s immunosequencing platform quantitatively and reproducibly
measures the patient’s immune-cell repertoire, providing a powerful
translational tool to accelerate Pfizer’s immuno-oncology biomarker and drug
development programs. “Immunotherapy is one of the most important advances in
cancer therapy and offers the potential for long term disease control for many
patients,” said Chris Boshoff, Vice President and Head of Early Development,
Translational and Immuno-Oncology at Pfizer Oncology. “Pfizer is investing
significantly in this space. The collaboration with Adaptive Biotechnologies
supports our strategy of accelerating the development of potentially
innovative new combination treatments by allowing us to develop a
differentiated and competitive understanding of the immune landscape in
specific tumor types.” Adaptive Biotechnologies, the leading experts in
profiling the immune cell repertoire, will work with Pfizer to apply their
proprietary immunosequencing platform technology, bioinformatics capability,
and scientific expertise to advance Pfizer’s rapidly expanding immuno-oncology
pipeline. “This collaboration with Pfizer is evidence of the immense impact
immune repertoire profiling may have on the immuno-oncology space,” said Chad
Robins, President, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder at Adaptive
Biotechnologies. “Adaptive’s ability to precisely measure a patient’s immune
response to cancer before and after treatment provides a universal tool that
will help bolster our understanding of immuno-oncology approaches.” About
Adaptive Biotechnologies® Adaptive Biotechnologies is the pioneer and leader
in combining high-throughput sequencing and expert bioinformatics to profile
T-cell and B-cell receptors. Adaptive is bringing the accuracy and sensitivity
of its immunosequencing platform into laboratories around the world to drive
groundbreaking research in cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive
translates immunosequencing discoveries into clinical diagnostics and
therapeutic development to improve patient care. Pfizer Inc.: Working together
for a healthier world™ At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to
bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives.
We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery,
development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio
includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known
consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across
developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and
cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our
responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical
companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local
communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care
around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a
difference for all who rely on us. To learn more, please visit us at
www.pfizer.com. For further information, please contact: Adaptive
Biotechnologies Judith McGarry Mobile: (415) 971-2900 Email:
media@adaptivebiotech.com Pfizer Pfizer Media Contacts: Sally Beatty
Mobile:(347) 330-7867 Email: Sally.Beatty@pfizer.com Pfizer Investor Contact:
Ryan Crowe Mobile:(215) 260-0914 Email: Ryan.Crowe@pfizer.com PFIZER
DISCLOSURE NOTICE The information contained in this release is as of January
08, 2016. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements
contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or
developments. This release contains forward-looking information about an
agreement with Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (Adaptive) to leverage
next generation sequencing of the adaptive immune system to help advance
Pfizer’s growing immuno-oncology franchise and its potential benefits, that
involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks
and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in
research and development; risks related to the ability to realize the
anticipated benefits of the agreement with Adaptive, including the possibility
that the expected benefits from such agreement will not be realized or will
not be realized within the expected time period; other business effects,
including the effects of industry, market, economic, political or regulatory
conditions; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and
uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, and in its subsequent reports on Form
10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-
Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in
its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and
www.pfizer.com. Previous Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies To Present At
The 34th Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference 01/06/2016 Next Press
Release Innovation Leader, Diego Miralles, M.D., Joins Adaptive
Biotechnologies as President of Adaptive Therapeutics 03/15/2016
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses