WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple Needs an Old-School Beat
January 23, 2013 at 4:33 am PT Tweet Share Print There are plenty of people
who claim to know what kind of financials to expect from Apple when it reports
earnings this afternoon, but the truth is, no one has any idea. Analyst
estimates for Apple’s fiscal first-quarter earnings run the gamut from a low
of $11.53 a share to a high of $15.50 a share. Sure, consensus is $13.47 per
share, but the variance between low and high estimates is vast. Depending on
whom you ask, Apple is either going to blow the quarter out, or flat-out blow
it. It might post a 12 percent year-over-year increase in earnings. Or it
might post a 14 percent decline. Consensus calls for a 3 percent decline, but
that’s just an average of what is obviously some pretty broadly distributed
guesswork. Further complicating matters: In the year-ago quarter, there were
14 weeks; this time, there were 13. So Apple’s earnings report today is likely
its most pivotal in years. Certainly, it’s among the most highly anticipated.
If Apple does post a decline in profit, it will be the first such drop in a
decade. And that could exacerbate fears that the pace of Apple’s growth is
slowing, and that waning demand for the iPhone and iPad really is the reason
the company has reportedly been curtailing purchases of some components.
Apple’s shares have dropped almost 30 percent on such unease since hitting a
closing high of $702.10 in September. If Apple doesn’t post that expected
decline in profit, those fears won’t simply evaporate. Concerns that the high-
end smartphone market that the company has dominated is nearing maturation,
and that new products like the iPad mini are eating into Apple’s historically
high profit margins will persist. But the immediate concerns that have been
weighing on its shares will likely ease a bit. When it last reported earnings,
Apple said that, for its first quarter, which ended in December, it expected
to report $52 billion in revenue and earnings of $11.75 a share. It’s a safe
bet that the company will beat its own guidance. But that’s not going to be
enough for the Street. It never is. For Apple to restore investor confidence,
at least in the near term, it has got to substantially beat Wall Street’s
expectations. That means coming in well above the $13.45 per share consensus.
“Investors are worried about iPhone demand, iPad mix, Mac sales and most
importantly margins,” BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk told AllThingsD. “What we
need now is an old-school Apple beat on top line, and margins that will make
people forget about the March quarter and the rest of 2013 — at least for a
few days.” Apple reports results this afternoon after market close. Tagged
with: Apple, earnings, iPad, iPhone, iPhone sales, Walter Piecyk Late Start
May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am
PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for
Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter
for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25
Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version