WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Hello World (iPhone) February
8, 2011 at 4:00 am PT Tweet Share Print So those rumors that had Apple
developing a “World iPad” based on one of Qualcomm’s multimode CDMA-GSM chips?
There may be something to them after all. An iFixit teardown of the CDMA
iPhone 4 headed for Verizon reveals a world mode chip in the device’s innards:
Qualcomm’s MDM6600, which supports CDMA and EVDO network standards as well as
GSM and HSPA+. It’s the same chip used in the Droid Pro, Motorola’s “global
ready” Android phone. In other words, Verizon’s CDMA iPhone isn’t a world
phone–but it could have been, given a SIM card and some additional
engineering. Which makes it likely that the next iteration of the iPhone will
be. And if iPhone 5 proves to be global ready, iPad 2 likely will be as well,
as Wedge analyst Brian Blair, who first floated the idea of the World iPad,
notes. “This is the proof of my thesis, I think,” he said of iFixit’s
findings. “This is a dual–band GSM/CDMA chip that I believe will not only be
in a “World iPad” in April as I mentioned last Fall but I also expect it will
be in the new iPhone 5 in June. It makes sense for many reasons: but the main
one is that Apple engineers will only have to design a product one time, same
guts and parts for GSM as for CDMA.” [Image credit: iFixit] Tagged with:
Android, Apple, Brian Blair, CDMA, chip, design, digital, Droid Pro, dual
–band GSM/CDMA, EVDO, global ready, GSM, hardware, HSPA, iFixIt, innovation,
iPad 2, iPhone 5, John Paczkowski, MDM6600, Motorola, multimode, Qualcomm,
rumors, SIM card, Verizon, Verizon iPhone, Wedge Partners, World iPad, World
iPhone Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December
30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013
Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry
Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO
Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version