WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Liz Gannes ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @LizGannes Recent
Posts by Liz Gannes Dropbox Goes Business Class With New Enterprise Tools
November 13, 2013 at 10:50 am PT Tweet Share Print Dropbox today is launching
a new enterprise-friendly version of its file-hosting service. Rather than
create two separate offerings for personal and business use, the company has
rebuilt its core product to allow enterprise users to control what their
employees have access to, and to allow consumers to separate their personal
files from their work files. That means company admins will have enterprise-
grade tools like shared audit logs; remote wipe and account transfer when an
employee leaves a company; centralized billing; two-step verifications; and
24/7 customer service. Meanwhile, individual users will have both a personal
folder they control, as well as a work folder they share with their company.
The product will cost $795 per year for five users, and $125 per additional
user per year. It is to launch in beta this month, and more broadly next year.
Dropbox is already a significant business product — at least according to
Dropbox. The company claims that its 200 million-plus users save more than 1
billion files every day. “That’s more tweets than on Twitter,” points out
Dropbox CEO Drew Houston. “And it isn’t 140-character snippets, it’s your most
important stuff.” And according to an internal count, four million companies
use Dropbox today, including 97 percent of the Fortune 500. Now Dropbox is
going to take those businesses more seriously. But that doesn’t mean it’s
splitting off separate tools. It means it’s adding corporate-grade tools to
the core Dropbox product. “Some people think there’s a consumer version of
Dropbox and then there’s this different enterprise version of Dropbox,”
Houston said. “We think that’s ridiculous. There should be only one.”
Switching between two products would waste users’ time, he argued. Dropbox had
to spend a year rebuilding its products to add the new enterprise-class
controls the company unveiled today. “We’d been nervous,” Houston said. “If we
clear off your computer, we might remote wipe all your baby photos.” Yet,
there’s more work to be done. The new version of Dropbox doesn’t include
employee collaboration tools. And that feature will be essential for fully
taking on Google and Microsoft in the productivity space. “We understand
exactly what we have to build next,” said business product head Ilya Fushman.
Tagged with: ATD Facebook, business, collaboration, Drew Houston, Dropbox,
enterprise, tools Startups Scrape Your Financial Data for Good. (No, Really!)
December 31, 2013 at 10:56 am PT Quantified Elf: Tracking the Santa Trackers
December 24, 2013 at 9:32 am PT Venture Capitalist Tries to Drum Up Support
for Splitting California Into Six States December 23, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT
General Catalyst Raises $675M Seventh Fund December 23, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
Knewton Raises $51M for Personalized Learning December 20, 2013 at 10:03 am PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Network+Effect Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Just as the atom bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war
obsolete, the Internet seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-
destructive genius, an economic doomsday device rendering it impossible for
anyone to ever make a profit off anything again. It’s especially hopeless for
those whose work is easily digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim
Kreider on not getting paid for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version