WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Startup Nebula Launches a Plug-and-Play Cloud
Computer April 1, 2013 at 9:02 pm PT Tweet Share Print Here’s a name I haven’t
heard in a while: Anso Labs. This was the cloud computing startup that
originated at NASA, where the original ideas for OpenStack, the open source
cloud computing platform, was born. Anso Labs was acquired by Rackspace a
little more than two years ago. It was a small team. But now a lot of the
people who ran Anso Labs are back with a new outfit, still devoted to cloud
computing, and still devoted to OpenStack. It’s called Nebula. And it builds a
turnkey computer that will turn an ordinary rack of servers into a cloud-ready
system, running — you guessed it — OpenStack. Based in Mountain View, Calif.,
Nebula claims to have an answer for any company that has ever wanted to build
its own private cloud system and not rely on outside vendors like Amazon or
Hewlett-Packard or Rackspace to run it for them. It’s called the Nebula One.
And the setup is pretty simple, said Nebula CEO and founder Chris Kemp said:
Plug the servers into the Nebula One, then you “turn it on and it boots up
cloud.” All of the provisioning and management that a service provider would
normally charge you for has been created on a hardware device. There are no
services to buy, no consultants to pay to set it up. “Turn on the power
switch, and an hour later you have a petascale cloud running on your premise,”
Kemp told me. The Nebula One sits at the top of a rack of servers; on its back
are 48 Ethernet ports. It runs an operating system called Cosmos that grabs
all the memory and storage and CPU capacity from every server in the rack and
makes them part of the cloud. It doesn’t matter who made them — Dell, Hewlett-
Packard or IBM. Kemp named two customers: Genentech and Xerox’s research lab,
PARC. There are more customer names coming, he says, and it already boasts
investments from Kleiner Perkins, Highland Capital and Comcast Ventures.
Nebula is also the only startup company that is a platinum member of the
OpenStack Foundation. Others include IBM, HP, Rackspace, RedHat and AT&T.; If
OpenStack becomes as easy to deploy as Kemp says it can be, a lot of companies
— those that can afford to have their own data centers, anyway — are going to
have their own clouds. And that is sort of the point. Tagged with: Chris Kemp,
cloud computing, data center, Dell, enterprise hardware, enterprise software,
Hewlett-Packard, IBM, NASA, Nebula, OpenStack, RedHat Apple Denies Working
with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm
PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT
CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version