WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Liz Gannes ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @LizGannes Recent
Posts by Liz Gannes Showyou: An iPad Experience for Shared Videos April 13,
2011 at 7:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Watching videos your friends recommend on
Facebook and Twitter can be awkward. You often lose your place on the page, or
have to grab headphones, or want to come back to something when you have more
time later. Or all of the above. Showyou is a new iOS app with an imaginative
interface built for social video consumption. It’s meant for spurts of time
dedicated to watching videos. The main Showyou view is a never-ending tiled
video wall intended primarily for use on the iPad. Scroll horizontally or
vertically and you’ll find videos shared by your friends (the organization
seems somewhat random, but more recent videos are generally up and to the
left, and popular older videos are down and to the right). Click on a video
and it pops out from the wall and plays immediately. Videos keep loading on
one page as you move, giving the (somewhat overwhelming!) sensation that there
are infinite options to watch. It might be disconcerting not to have a
playlist function or a way to filter videos by any sort of topic, but Showyou
does also offer a more traditional feed view that shows just the activity of
other Showyou users you follow. The app comes from San Francisco-based
Remixation, a True Ventures-backed start-up which for the last four years has
been working on a video curation tool called Vodpod. Vodpod still exists, but
the Remixation team has in the last six months shifted almost entirely to work
on Showyou, in part inspired by iPad consumption experiences like Flipboard.
At launch, Showyou only supports YouTube, Vimeo and TED videos (in part
because they are available in HTML5 for display on iOS). There are also a
smattering of social tools in the app, so you can click to share a video,
“thank” your friends or comment on videos within Showyou. And Showyou is
living-room-ready at launch–that is, if you have Apple TV 2.0 with Airplay.
Tagged with: Flipboard, iOS, iPad, NetworkEffect, Remixation, Showyou, TED,
True Ventures, Vimeo, Vodpod, YouTube Startups Scrape Your Financial Data for
Good. (No, Really!) December 31, 2013 at 10:56 am PT Quantified Elf: Tracking
the Santa Trackers December 24, 2013 at 9:32 am PT Venture Capitalist Tries to
Drum Up Support for Splitting California Into Six States December 23, 2013 at
3:14 pm PT General Catalyst Raises $675M Seventh Fund December 23, 2013 at
8:00 am PT Knewton Raises $51M for Personalized Learning December 20, 2013 at
10:03 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Network+Effect Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » First the NSA came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at
this point, and I said nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker
Higgins via Twitter AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version