WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj
Recent Posts by Eric Johnson With Steam Machines on the Horizon, Valve Makes
Its Linux Love Official December 4, 2013 at 7:00 am PT Tweet Share Print Linux
mascot Tux the penguin with a cake bearing the logo of Valve’s games store,
Steam.“Gabe Newell is the Steve Jobs of the gaming industry.” That’s Linux
Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin, praising the managing director of
Valve. It’s not an uncommon sentiment — Newell’s games studio, which he co-
founded in 1996, frequently earns comparisons to Apple by way of its rabid
fans and quality-over-quantity philosophy. But Zemlin isn’t just saying that
because he’s a fan. This year, Valve made a big commitment to Linux by
pledging that the open-source operating system would be at the core of its PC-
console hybrid gaming hardware line, the Steam Machines. Today, Valve is
officially becoming a paying corporate member of the Linux Foundation. With
dozens of other companies already filling up the membership ranks, this is
more a symbolic step than anything else. However, it makes official Valve’s
previously assumed goodwill toward the Foundation’s cadre of fellow pro-Linux
companies and open-source developers, whom it might need as the first Steam
Machines start to come to market next year. “People shouldn’t underestimate
the Linux community’s desire to have gaming on the platform, and for it to be
insanely good,” Zemlin said. Indeed, Valve’s Linux-cheering this year — even
though the vast majority of its users currently game on Windows — seems to be
a long-term bet. Zemlin characterized it as a necessary move to keep Valve’s
popular PC games store, Steam, safe from Microsoft’s own app and games stores
for Windows 8 and the Xbox consoles. With Valve now promising not to make
exclusive games for Steam Machines, there are plenty of unanswered questions
about how it will be competitive with the Xbox and, well, everyone else in the
living room. Zemlin, of course, doesn’t seem too worried. “Valve is
immediately going to get more awareness within the developer community,” he
said. “It only takes one big hit.” Tagged with: Apple, games, gaming, Jim
Zemlin, Linus Torvalds, Linux, Linux Foundation, Microsoft, open source, PC
gaming, Steam, Steve Jobs, Tux, Valve, videogames, Windows, Windows 8, XBox
QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises Another $22 Million December 26,
2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review: WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics
and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT Atheer and Meta Want
You to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19, 2013 at 1:52 pm PT Despite Free-
to-Play Explosion, Apple Puts Spotlight on Paid Games December 18, 2013 at
6:00 am PT Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and Oculus VR Makes Perfect
Sense December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version