[email protected] +1-508-485-9100 Hit enter to search or ESC to close Products
All Products 911: Flexible Vertical Gage 1000: Surface Roughness Gage 1000-Z:
Optical Tactile Surface Finish 1100-GX: Glass Linear Encoder 1200: Cylindrical
Crankshaft/Camshaft Gage 1200-LX: Laser Interferometer 1302: Compact
Horizontal Gage 1304/1306: Horizontal High-Speed Multi-Head Gage 1310: High
Speed In-Line Measuring Gage 1310-S: High Speed Optical/Tactile Gage
LightSCAN: Non-Contact Measurement LightSCOPE: Optical Measurement System 3D
Inspection Software Program Builder Software Industries Aerospace Automotive
Heavy Diesel Equipment Industrial Locomotive Engine & Rail Marine Power
Generation Pumps Robotics Small Engine & Appliances Transportation/Trucking
Gage Types Crankshaft & Camshaft Measuring Machines Custom Gages Gears &
Transmission Shafts High-Precision-Gages Horizontally Loaded Gages In-Line
Gages Laser/Optical Non-contact Measuring Systems Metrology Software + 3D
Mapping Robot Loaded & Fully Automatic Gages Surface Finish/Roughness
Measuring Gages Vertically Loaded Gages Components Measured Axles Camshafts
Sliding Camshafts Crankshafts Eccentric Shafts Gears Heavy Diesel Crankshafts
& Camshafts Hydraulic Rings Pistons Precision Hydraulic Cylinders Pump Lobes
Robotic Shafts Transmission / Output Shafts Turbochargers Parameters Measured
Angularity Cam Lobe Lift Error Center Deviation Chatter Concentricity
Cylindricity Diameter Length Parallelism Perpendicularity Profile Roundness
Runout Straightness Surface Finish > Avg Max Height of Profile Max Height of
Profile Max Peak Depth of Profile Max Peak Height of Profile RMS Roughness
Roughness Average Taper Throw/Stroke MORE > Axial Location Feature/Locator
Presence Flatness True Position Width Services Technical Support Training Gage
Upgrades Recertification About Management Customers Quality Certifications
Resources Careers News Contact Adcole Maryland Management Time-Tested
Engineering Expertise Jeff WalkerPresident & CEO Jeff joined Adcole as VP
Global Sales and Marketing in 2017 and was promoted to President and CEO in
2018. He is responsible for global sales operations and manages the North
American offices, as well as international operations located in Germany,
China and Japan. Jeff is also responsible for Adcole’s marketing
communications, strategic product marketing, and corporate development
focusing on partnerships, joint ventures and acquisitions. Jeff has over 20
years of sales, sales management, business development and marketing
experience with a variety of high-tech industrial firms—most recently with
Olympus and Thermo Fisher Scientific. His position prior to joining Adcole was
Vice President of global sales and marketing for the analytical instruments
business unit at Olympus. Previous to his commercial experience, Jeff worked
as a process engineer and product engineer for a specialty carbon and graphite
manufacturer. Jeff holds a BS degree in Ceramic Engineering from Alfred
University. Jennifer McDonnellController Jennifer is Adcole Corporation's
Controller, and oversees all aspects of the accounting, finance and treasury
functions for Adcole Corporation and all subsidiaries. She brings 15+ years of
accounting and financial management experience to the role, providing a strong
background in General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, and
Payroll management. Jennifer holds a Bachelor of Science (BS) in Accounting
and Business/ Management from Framingham State College and is pursuing a
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Business Administration and
Management, General, also from Framingham State College. Stephen CorradoVP of
Engineering Stephen has been with Adcole since 1984. Prior to becoming Vice
President of Engineering in 2012, he spent over 28 years serving in various
mechanical engineering roles within the company. Steve has been a major
contributor to the design and development of many of the gage models that
Adcole offers. He is responsible for all mechanical and electronic design
functions in the Adcole gaging division. Steve earned a BS in Mechanical
Engineering from Northeastern University in 1980, and began his career as a
Modal Analysis Engineer at Heald Machine Company in Worcester, MA prior to
joining Adcole. Gordon ScottOperations Director Gordon joined Adcole as the
Operations Director in 2016. He has over 25 years of manufacturing operations
management experience and is responsible for Metrology (Gaging) operations
including: Production, Materials and Quality. He is also responsible for Field
Service in the US, Canada, Brazil, India and Mexico. Prior to joining Adcole,
Gordon held several managerial roles at ITW-Speedline Technologies and served
as General Manager at both Polymer Corporation and HBM, Inc. He holds a BSME
from Northeastern University and an MBA from Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
William SmithDirector of Software Strategy William has been with Adcole since
1988 and was the Director of Software Development for 14 years prior to
becoming Vice President of Software Development in 2014. Will has worked
closely with Adcole’s customers to develop specialized analysis tools for
their camshaft, crankshaft and piston projects. He has been instrumental in
creating and expanding the Chatter Analysis tools in Adcole’s gage software.
Prior to joining Adcole, Will worked at General Electric with a team of
software developers in the Fan and Compressor Aero Group. Will received a BS
in Mathematics from the University of Massachusetts in Amherst. Song Yop
ChungVP Sales and Marketing Song brings more than 25 years of metrology and
quality control experience to his role as Adcole Corporation’s Vice President
of Sales and Marketing, commanding a deep skill set cultivated working in the
automotive and advanced manufacturing industries (including a Big Three OEM
Carmaker). Most recently he was the Senior Vice President, Global Sales and
Marketing at Automated Precision, Inc. Prior to that role, he served as the
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Perceptron, Inc., a
leading provider of automated industrial 3D contact/non-contact CMM and
robotic metrology solutions for complex manufacturing processes. Song holds a
B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and
M.S. in Engineering Management from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Nitin
ChaphalkarDirector of Corporate Strategy & Business Development Nitin brings
15+ years of experience to the Director of Corporate Strategy & Business
Development, having served in engineering, team leader, and management roles
at DMG MORI USA and Mori Seiki USA. Chaphalkar is skilled at new product
development and commercialization, business case preparation and market
research for new ventures, product management, market analysis for new
technologies, market strategies, cross functional team leadership, and
international business. Chaphalkar holds a Master in Business Administration
from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, a Master of
Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California, Davis and
a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Pune University. He is an advisor to the
National Science Foundation and holds 4 patents focused on rotating a cutting
insert, compound machining method and apparatus, grind hardening method and
apparatus, and measuring apparatus and method. Rainer IsselhorstAdcole GmbH
Managing Director Rainer serves as Managing Director of Adcole GmbH. He has a
strong sales and engineering background, with experience as a European Head of
Sales for Adcole GmbH and as a Sales Engineer at Adcole GmbH. Prior to those
roles, Rainer held positions in Sales at Siemens AG, and as a Sales Engineer
at MBP Mathematical Consulting and Programming Service. Rainer holds a degree
in Electrical Engineering and Electronics from the University of Applied
Sciences, Bochum. Ben LinExecutive Director Adcole Asian Operations (Shanghai)
Ben is the Executive Director Adcole Asian Operations. He joined Adcole in
1999 and has nearly two decades of experience working in major Asian markets
with various agents and resellers, plus a strong engineering background that
enables him to conduct technical sales and develop applications that meet
customer requirements. Ben set up Adcole Measurement Equipment (Shanghai) in
2004 and currently serves as corporate representative. He pioneered
establishment of the sales and field service framework in Adcole Indian
market. Ben is also a board member of Adcole Far East (Japan). Prior to
joining Adcole, Ben worked as a business partner to develop Adcole Chinese
market. Ben holds a 5-year undergraduate degree in Optical Instrumentation and
a graduate degree in Precision Engineering from Tsinghua University, Beijing,
China. He was a visiting scholar at Optodyne, Inc. of Los Angeles, CA and he
has a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Clark University,
Worcester, MA. S A L E S [email protected] S E R V I C E [email protected] G E
N E R A L [email protected] C A L L 508 485 9100 669 Forest Street
Marlborough, MA 01752 T: 508 485 9100 F: 508 481 6142 [email protected] Latest
News Adcole Corporation to Highlight Optical Measurement Systems at IMTS 2018
August 28, 2018 Adcole Corporation Names New President and CEO February 6,
2018 Newsletter Name Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
LinksProducts Services About Contact Gage Division Aerospace Division © 2019
Adcole Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy |
Website Design Products All Products 911: Flexible Vertical Gage 1000: Surface
Roughness Gage 1000-Z: Optical Tactile Surface Finish 1100-GX: Glass Linear
Encoder 1200: Cylindrical Crankshaft/Camshaft Gage 1200-LX: Laser
Interferometer 1302: Compact Horizontal Gage 1304/1306: Horizontal High-Speed
Multi-Head Gage 1310: High Speed In-Line Measuring Gage 1310-S: High Speed
Optical/Tactile Gage LightSCAN: Non-Contact Measurement LightSCOPE: Optical
Measurement System 3D Inspection Software Program Builder Software Industries
Aerospace Automotive Heavy Diesel Equipment Industrial Locomotive Engine &
Rail Marine Power Generation Pumps Robotics Small Engine & Appliances
Transportation/Trucking Gage Types Crankshaft & Camshaft Measuring Machines
Custom Gages Gears & Transmission Shafts High-Precision-Gages Horizontally
Loaded Gages In-Line Gages Laser/Optical Non-contact Measuring Systems
Metrology Software + 3D Mapping Robot Loaded & Fully Automatic Gages Surface
Finish/Roughness Measuring Gages Vertically Loaded Gages Components Measured
Axles Camshafts Sliding Camshafts Crankshafts Eccentric Shafts Gears Heavy
Diesel Crankshafts & Camshafts Hydraulic Rings Pistons Precision Hydraulic
Cylinders Pump Lobes Robotic Shafts Transmission / Output Shafts Turbochargers
Parameters Measured Angularity Cam Lobe Lift Error Center Deviation Chatter
Concentricity Cylindricity Diameter Length Parallelism Perpendicularity
Profile Roundness Runout Straightness Surface Finish > Avg Max Height of
Profile Max Height of Profile Max Peak Depth of Profile Max Peak Height of
Profile RMS Roughness Roughness Average Taper Throw/Stroke MORE > Axial
Location Feature/Locator Presence Flatness True Position Width Services
Technical Support Training Gage Upgrades Recertification About Management
Customers Quality Certifications Resources Careers News Contact Adcole
Maryland [email protected] +1-508-485-9100 GET IN TOUCHShare this on
EmailShare this on TwitterShare this on FacebookGET A QUOTESCHEDULE DEMO