WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Here’s Why McKinsey’s Coming to Condé Nast: The Coming
Black September July 21, 2009 at 9:53 am PT Tweet Share Print Here’s why Condé
Nast is bringing in McKinsey & Co. for an emergency overhaul: The publisher’s
lousy year isn’t getting any better. New numbers Condé released today show
that its September issues will be miserable across the board, with ad pages
down anywhere from 17 percent to 47 percent. And that’s if you interpret the
data favorably. CEO Chuck Townsend said as much in a memo yesterday announcing
that he’d hired McKinsey to figure out how to survive “in an emerging economy
that is now predicted to be painfully slow in recovering.” But when you see
Condé’s projected numbers for its fall issues, which are traditionally bulging
with ads, it’s even more startling. Particularly when you realize that the
economy had already been slowing down a year ago (Disclosure: I do some free-
lance work for Condé title Vanity Fair). Take a look for yourself in the table
below (click to enlarge): The numbers in the middle (faintly highlighted in
blue) represent the year-over-year decline in ad pages, if you factor out the
publisher’s special “Fashion Rocks” issues, which it gave up on last year. The
more brutal numbers on the right are the “real” numbers. All of them are
unpleasant. Using the more favorable set of numbers, Teen Vogue is Condé’s
relative star, down a mere 17 percent. And if Vogue was a publicly traded
stock, it would have beaten expectations, since it came in above 400
pages–which is still down 29.7 percent (or more). Not included the above
chart: Totals for The New Yorker, Golf World, Modern Bride or Elegant Bride,
since they aren’t monthlies and don’t have comparable September issues. And
here’s a trailer for “The September Issue,” a much-buzzed about documentary
about Vogue’s effort to put out…well, you can figure it out. Tagged with: ad
pages, advertising, Chuck Townsend, Condé Nast, data, documentary, economy,
Elegant Bride, entertainment, fall, Fashion Rocks, Golf World, issue, McKinsey
& Co., MediaMemo, Modern Bride, Pages, Peter Kafka, publisher, September, Teen
Vogue, The New Yorker, The September Issue, Vanity Fair Twitter Asks You How
You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version