WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Loïc Le Meur Speaks About New (and Improved?)
Seesmic! September 18, 2009 at 4:11 am PT Tweet Share Print When BoomTown went
to visit serial entrepreneur Loïc Le Meur early last year at his San Francisco
HQ, he was stoked about the prospects of his “video conversation” community
start-up called Seesmic. That was especially due to the influx of $6 million
into his bank account by high-profile angel investors like LinkedIn’s Reid
Hoffman, former AOL head Steve Case, SoftTech VC Jeff Clavier, Zynga’s Mark
Pincus, investor Ron Conway, FON founder Martin Varsavsky and others. Fast-
forward to today and the entire business plan of Seesmic has been upended,
with the video part pretty much junked. Now, Le Meur is focused almost
entirely on his social media desktop client, as well as Web and mobile
versions, which began as a dashboard for Twitter called twhirl. If at first
you don’t succeed, dump and change again–the motto of Silicon Valley! Seesmic
has added a lot more Web services to the client to make it stickier, such as
announcing yesterday that it would allow users to access and manage Facebook
Pages. The idea behind Seesmic, as well as competitors such as TweetDeck, is
to allow users to manage their various social media tools much like their
email accounts. And while the service’s desktop client software has been a
focus, Le Meur is also pushing its Web and mobile versions, all in the hopes
that the newest innovation is the right one. Here’s a tour I did of Seesmic’s
new HQ and a video interview I did with Le Meur about all the changes: Tagged
with: angel investor, AOL, BoomTown, client, community, conversation,
dashboard, desktop, digital, email, entrepreneur, Facebook, FON, innovation,
Internet, interview, Jeff Clavier, Kara Swisher, LinkedIn, Loïc Le Meur, Mark
Pincus, Martin Varsavsky, Pages, Reid Hoffman, Ron Conway, San Francisco,
Seesmic, Silicon Valley, social networking, SoftTech, software, Steve Case,
TweetDeck, Twhirl, Twitter, video, Zynga You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello
December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before
AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can
You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From
AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld
Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish
Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December
28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » The problem with the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper
collapse has always been that billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of
authority-questioning journalism that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum,
writing in the Columbia Journalism Review about the promise of Pierre
Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version