Home Browse Topics Series Events From Sponsors WSJ.com Search Now Playing
5/26/2013 11:00AM MLB.com's Bob Bowman at D: Dive Into Mobile MLB.com Boss Bob
Bowman chatted with Walt Mossberg at D: Dive Into Mobile about Apple, Android,
and BlackBerry. Transcript This transcript has been automatically generated
and may not be 100% accurate.I ... really ... it was really ... Bob Bowman ...
to Bob your business is ... digital baseball sort of throwing its face Paul
... is mulling a device that takes a plug or a battery anywhere in the world
... we're supposed to deliver the game the best when we can ... when you think
of the owners of major League baseball teams you don't think of them is being
... kind of digital natives ... you don't think of them is being kind of
advanced but the internet but ... you have a company that they are also on ...
if they set up in what two thousand Mr set up in two thousand is in his vision
for where and ... it's really widely respected ... for ... it ... the business
model and the technology that you've rolled out ... how can it be that these
owners ... why don't think ... I'd I don't typically think of is being
visually very aware ... have a pretty ... good chance to chill Company two of
three first all these owners Froman are a lot going on ... been here thirteen
years of most Maria and I am second ball there are ... far more business or
perhaps the old olden days of the ... nineteen sixties and seventies ...
baseball's a business and it's the it's important this is but it's a business
analyst ... and third I think we just got started to ... make commissions to
assist step ahead of of most of the Puerto Wall Street Journal The deserved
what can go to ... we just heard earlier so our mistakes ... which of which
there were mountains of them ... were made in a time when ... even keen eyed
observers Davis a break ... that they might active in two thousand thirteen
... but in two thousand won t I give you a pretty good at you and your seniors
and not enough what have you done it's not enough there's always a boy from
the new more ... you could win actresses everyone here to buy a subscription
Matilda pretty tonight ... the second half your children are going to starve
... monotonous to know it but they didn't owe it all is to be more but ...
know I'd I just think that by odious I we started a time when unit was up and
down nobody really knew what was going to work ... and a notch or we do today
but ... I think there was Opel all a lot more amorphous approach toward good
dad was a quick review ... of the week on a work in stealth mode for three or
four years and then emerge ... as technology ... are you up mobile first
company at this point ... no we're big believers in the screen he is the first
time ... you know anybody faces in the first rain either ... is living on
other planets ... or doesn't have children ... but this is the screen never
goes to first this is a screamer look at three hundred times a day ... this is
on course to the screen that fourteen people in the Saudis to it here right
now on total ... cuts ... the simple fact is this is this is the ... you know
realities the second frame this is the first three um and ... so we built we
worry about this alot and Heidi Monti's entire gauge people ... that doesn't
mean that TV is meant to be ... going over to their bread and butter are a lot
of live sports the game itself going wide came out to Fenway Park ... the ...
tragic events Twitter on that day ... those areas that still the best bus
ticket in town to go to live game ... disks renewed the reality is this is
where my kids into conduct every ... entertainment ... mobile the mean of
communication has to become so what's the split Emmy when you started ... your
primarily in the browser ... on ... a computer Modesto I was really windows
painted Mac ... there including compatible rapper serve the key thing to do
right back in two thousand times bigger we progress the right track ... and
now you're yet up the ... missile was one wants that whatever you do was start
on computers ... and you are on mobile I think you were originally on the I
phone rang we were there we were the regional ... happened with the largest
grossing Apple mindful of the aisle system because we're not that were better
than a body of bigger ... this can be banned along with their number one
number one on the tablet ... but now you add up to ... the operating systems
... to divert as a video we have to go to and the devices were about three
thousand permutations ... to re live game recapturing code ... when we bring a
ball back to Europe to turn around and send it back to about three thousand
devices around the world ... but what's a split between mobile and ... PC or
... Mac via right now if you use two hundred zero she said it's probably right
now in terms of in terms of usage that is page views total time spent ... it's
about fifty fifty ... in terms of people it still about sixty percent ...
sorta wired ... and forty percent wireless ... of but in terms the usage of
yet of engagement time its about fifty fifty ... and climbing ... and climbing
everyday talked about business model ... you charging you charge up ... the
fair matter money for this and I and World of Apps ... where things are free
or ninety nine cents for a dollar many of them when each are Schoolar app is
an incredibly Recent Price nineteen ninety nine and I get the full season ...
but six seven months comment wealth of us like hot dogs are recent price of
the ballpark they did they'd ... been hotdog out world here a bit but for
ninety nine think of this distinct from bear with me of when they were
fighting four hundred and thirty games you get you get a free game the day you
get the in game highlights you get live look ins you get all the really you
never want to get him live audio for what was in the game to favor now that
the Red Sox ... well listen to them you get all that from year nineteen ninety
nine season at someone thats an entire seven ... nobody could go up Dell's
wait there's more to what a way to avoid any get the rock all night to offer
... it's like a good place to give when they open for a second bowl and I can
make the OT is like nobody has the legal that for ninety nine in a ... but
that I mean that's is what goes up much more than that what you want sex a
stalled again going watch live TV is under thirty bucks ... and thirty bucks
firsthand how many people are paying higher but Autonomy's without we'll break
it out in between that of ... the time when the season will end but so were to
three important things ... has been growing roughly twenty five percent year
to watch some of them are paying twenty oh sorbet twentysomething hundred and
thirty with a hundred thirty yet the the other way hundred and thirty free
with purchase you get the PFF are free ... from third ... when she tries to
give me the I phone we should be a typo ... we've been trying uniform for
seven years you just if it is a a a a ... um I refuse to take it yet ... aam
on the record let's get that ... so ... what's the split between ... at EADS's
starter and I alas I think you've you've you've ... mortuary the ... did Apple
promoted pretty prima Donna Greg Jennings made apple Double Take sincere lumps
and ... at times they are ... relatively the Rover tracks Green arrow ...
which they operate ... today what a great store it's a great fall ... in its
Korean ecosystem that is the really pretty good there's a lot of competitors
now we're certain use to be ... of but Apple's a great partner and that it
promoted of the Dewan ICE dollar store proving so what's the split between
Apple and Katrina I lesson and trade and ... other yet it's well there's no
other ... minutes into it that that Silas and ... the other is is is smaller
than it's it's less and less than a percentage point ... it's really ... too
to operate systems that we hope BlackBerry comes back ... we think the seat as
a nice device and opened the cute it'll be a nice device but ... right now
says to admit it's narrowing it use to get money twenty spots every thirty I
west to Android ... the Samsung phone is is really quite a good Android phone
... and I think the closest thing to ... if you think I phone is the
development of the ... biggest really comes close to a ... larger screen in a
video said the world so ... media makes Apple stake ... of more more is better
for us more perk more proud what about ... in terms of free verse division of
a completely free version of this event pepper Freewheel recommended but we
have ... I ... what is the free app to me that a lot to get you up ... like
... scores ... yes ... it gives you a know it gives you a letter will give me
his course yet yet on that point ... it gives you GameDay gives you balsa
strikes gained a kid you'll live a live game itself the gives you ... some
highlights but not as many ... doesn't give eleven concert doesn't even live
in doesn't give you gameday audio ... this year baseball fan you're going to
pay twenty bucks if you're ... a cast off and just want the official app you
probably this ... crisis can get the free up not operate ... okay so between
Android and ... I alas ... about the pain verses free and through heavily
skewed toward violence to iOS youth issue expects more expensive phones ...
don't these are people who directed the phone a lot more on on a broader range
of items in the Dewan Andria gruesome torso phones ... most of the business
enterprise phone ... and so we probably be twenty maybe even effective teacher
to really cause you people are watching the games that work is allocation by
this earlier there was no work but you know the the I phone is a dimly to more
expensive phone in your store self selected that that's the kind of a costly
war ... and severe spending three hundred four dollars for phone ... but
twenty dollar app is not as much debt secured by an un subsidized by
nonsubsidized both the New Saab is the isthe when that ... though most excited
by the Tabak tablets ... the Bisserbe Patel was ruled the world but I don't I
don't trouble laptop and largest rail trail isn't are many people your
twitched and ... I have the you know that I was telling that three ... of the
act had three ... it's a great it's a great machine I don't know why he left
... I don't do a lot of the computer does not smart enough so it is going on
that day you really do ... it I just don't move finally agree on something the
team I you know ... the the tablet I didn't know what I gotta watch games ago
to look ever surf the Internet to go to my ... Agger my email and I would tell
it's up it's a great machine for ... my looks good so in terms you use your
base ... are your usage how much of it is on ... its right now tablet persists
on wireless mobile ... yes I said roughly were fifty fifty terms use it to fit
of that it's thirty twenty phone versus tablet ... use to beef it use to be
forty ten ... minutes I think you could tell that to growing ... and I say
usage it's a little skewed because a lot of people watch live games that
though it's a really it's a great experience and looks beautiful ... it's a
lot of good enough for the AppData app itself ... it's almost eighty twenty on
the call that people are just going to be a community in a way for an elevator
... you with yours you're you're choppier Sawyer's daughter for school or
church or something got three ... to go out ... there said watching game ...
was fine tablet usage is ... increasingly people watch it on ... on on on on
on top ... so aam ... there's been some debate about whether versus apps he
just said you have to get three thousand ... permutations ... aam ... the
company ... I how much and you had invested ... in in ... developers to be
able support ... all the different flavors of sick leave and drive which of
course ... has a lot of different flavors Android to power in this initiative
that arithmetic it's not it's it's linear its The Next Financial mean it's ...
it's you know this is no regression or just gonna add people ... to defer
operates this ... also it's true so in terms of return on dollar Andrew it's
not really that is good about is the silences ... um as you suggested to me
were probably now we probably of six hundred employees of bail ... right now
on to what what the MSM will be Giacomo be MLB advanced media is oh so blessed
initials are BAM and that's kind of awkward or so ... aam and we have ... them
roughly at say two hundred and forty are in the technology group and probably
... heard of those hardcore ... engineers ... on behalf of those now or are we
are wireless flash ... video ... in terms of what we were about them when you
look at the entrance set aside is it ... obviously Samsung has been the big
... AMR you mention it yourself ... they have ... given Apple biggest ...
competition ... they're becoming calm cool as a brand ... new focus on their
phones and making sure it's great on their phones or we do um we refocus Avici
on ... he will win this in nearly every tree we look at Number phones that are
out there ... we wanna make sure we we produced the phones that are ... most
prevalent ... and have a real operates just like Andrew Ryo us ... and it
would look to the phone so we think are to be really ticked off this and the
Galaxy we think it that that that thing and while penetration was the highest
are with we think the of the ad campaign had ... defected Samsung's a multi
device player ... it is a cool company ... in a calmer week so we we invested
heavily stamps on ... in in hopes of the people would catch all we want we
want our content to be on ... we want people seeing the Yukon one it is all
... wheel of Apple the wheel of competition ... um ... we've been talking also
about Facebook Home ... in time ... which is ... you know cupcakes over
Android reps ... Facebook around ... is is there ... enough of a market for
you to do an MLB wrapper around in her ... note to the question ... of ... I
know the answer that ... and were always one for trying to experiment we don't
mind trying things we remind failing we would like to fill fast ... of the
four people discover how we tried ... though we think we try a lot of the
state of Discover BBQ argument fails to write a ... will that but it if they
if they discuss if we see what how bad it looks ... before other people see it
we call it a failure but it's a blow to the quiet side ... but but on ... you
know it's it's a question because ours is valuable content ... and we know
people of baseball ... but we wanna make sure that were we respect not just
the bare wall of which are the price ... we think about apps and devices
together respect people's top ... and we were not drawn nothing we could be
but to try to be a monopolist ... trine say we won on every piece of every day
we want this quarter that Courtney's one every quarter the risen that sucks
... what work are pressed to say that we like ... we like to be the hotel
after a long trip ... you've been in a taxi cab you didn't know you've been an
airline you've been here you didn't read this when all is put in this ... so
we get our moment on this this this deftly navigates will ... add video looks
great ... if we do that would get our ten minutes a day from bands like you
and others ... and we think that's enough we think we can run a real this is a
good ten minutes of being the odd moment relaxing moment ... the villager need
... to seventy expected maybe just one thing that is that what you get about
ten minutes a day up about them and how many people ... well our App is Open
five million times a day in over a million unique severed an opener Apple
about seven thousand ... of last year that number will grow to shrink in the
season more more people get into it other ... links on the NHL didn't get to
this season's board will acquire more bands are ... more active stance ... um
insult when we get a lot up a lot of people opened apps everyday will open at
five times ... collectively the gear was ... to not watch it live game The
givers ten to twelve ... the field ... so work so there were some pre well ...
we want to be respect mother taught ... we wanna make sure the experience is
great ... it's kind of cool in the Navy or been on the turnaround show
somebody ... on board after it agreed that the time of ample retiree or
special or Walton also worked at or near speckled these people's time sorting
Good acumen and then add one ... more question for the bank ... to another bar
big themes years been to try to get beyond just the US ... view of the world
and think about international ... baseball is aam ... primarily a U S came out
the sleeves played ... in a big way in Japan and ... Latin America some other
places ... how much of your ... usage and ... and ... how many deer customers
what percentage of customers are international ... post U S just over ten
percent maybe weakest wealth ... um and it's primarily Asian ... others a
little loose in Latin America ... it's more the Caribbean ... and true what we
might think of Latin America Argentina Brazil ... to a bill deserved over
certain baseball fans there but those are probably more soccer local soccer
... fans in baseball France's you go to Central America we have a lot more ...
over France's from Mexico ... so we have it all while this is no wire deals
Saul Saul wireless we have deals with with most the import carriers there ...
in Europe increased me so it penetration but that's mainly at that so ...
terms of massive penetration its Japan Korea and Taiwan ... in almost a kind
of deal make sure we do the right thing in China ... but our approach is
always band would rather go slowly ... um and make sure we do a country right
you don't get a lot of chances to if you're if you're American Amigo Ariel
pink is a baseball market in China don't know ... don't know yet we we think
... I don't know marketer ... that can choose to ignore ... countries imports
China forgot that the sheer size and just ... what China's going to be in what
can be what it is already ... I just don't think you know if you're building a
product in Orem and the roommate and her approach and ... you can't ignore ...
in our view ... ok questions ... cuz he knows who's gonna win the ... World
series ... title in two thousand twelve winner ... he still get the second is
that I can tell you that you need to to to to really what I ... anybody have
any questions ... come on ... see it's were between them and ... drinking
drinking ... by the way me to enter into the ... high ... price but thank you
very ... much ... Up Next Editor Picks 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign
if Asked 1/4/2019 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News for President
Trump? 1/4/2019 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019
3:35 China Makes Historic Moon Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019
More → Editor Picks 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of the House of
Representatives 1/3/2019 The new Democratic-controlled House elected Nancy
Pelosi as speaker of the House on Thursday amid a battle with President Trump
over border-wall funding. Photo: Getty 2:56 Businesses Prepare for Prospect of
'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New
Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:43 Trump Sticks to Border Wall Demands as
Shutdown Continues 1/2/2019 6:03PM 24:45 Safe Haven: One Family's Journey
After Hurricane Florence 12/31/2018 3:24PM More → More → Moving Upstream 9:56
Electric Scooters: Israel’s Two-Wheeled Solution to Traffic and Sabbath
12/20/2018 Electric-scooter rental companies are hitting speed bumps in the
U.S. over safety and other concerns. But in Tel Aviv, one in 10 residents has
rented a Bird e-scooter, and the city appears to be embracing them. WSJ’s
Jason Bellini takes a look at the challenges and potential lessons of the
e-scooter craze. 0:54 Tasting the World’s First Test-Tube Steak 12/11/2018
5:30AM 9:58 High Insulin Prices Drive Diabetics to Take Extreme Measures
12/3/2018 5:30AM 9:57 Facial Recognition Tech Aims to Identify Good and Evil
11/19/2018 5:30AM 9:54 The Future of Flight: AI in the Cockpit 11/12/2018
5:30AM More → Recommended for you 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News
For President Trump? 1/4/2019 The government released a blockbuster jobs
report despite a trade war with China and a partial government shutdown. WSJ's
Gerald F. Seib explains what this report means for President Trump. Photo:
Getty 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 8:53PM 1:42
Holtz-Eakin: The Fed Has Not Overdone It 1/4/2019 10:00PM 1:41 The Opposite
Sides of the Shutdown Talks 1/4/2019 5:49PM 3:35 China Makes Historic Moon
Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 9:08AM 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell
Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019 11:52AM 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of
the House of Representatives 1/3/2019 4:40PM 2:56 Businesses Prepare for
Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim
Jong Un's New Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:04 Trump Slams Mattis Over
Afghanistan 1/2/2019 5:07PM 4:43 Didn't Get the Job? The Robots May Not Have
Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018 7:00AM More → Featured Content
11:59 Violence Made Her Flee. Now She’s at the Border 12/28/2018 Fleeing
violence from her hometown in Honduras, Gabriela Rodriguez traveled thousands
of miles with her daughter to the Mexico - U.S. border in Tijuana. The Wall
Street Journal followed her as she weighed her options to cross into the U.S.,
hoping to leave behind her past. Photo/Video: Jake Nicol/WSJ 6:30 The Struggle
to Keep a Son's Promise 12/31/2018 7:00AM 9:35 What Trump Did to Silence
Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal 11/9/2018 12:33PM 8:53 How Scammers in China
Manipulate Amazon 12/17/2018 5:55AM 9:18 Chefs Speak Out on Mental Health in
the Restaurant Industry 11/12/2018 12:28PM More → More → Tech 4:43 Didn't Get
the Job? The Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018
DeepSense, based in San Francisco and New Delhi, uses artificial intelligence
to assess job candidates’ personalities based on their social media accounts.
WSJ’s Jason Bellini tested the tool. 9:39 Cold Pursuits: A Scientist's Quest
to Uncover Antarctica's Secrets 12/29/2018 12:00PM 3:26 Facial Recognition
Spurs Privacy Concerns, Even Among Its Creators 12/24/2018 10:59AM 2:40 Easy
Upgrades for Your Family's TV 12/23/2018 8:30AM 4:59 Where Amazon Reviews
Really Come From 12/20/2018 8:50AM More → More → Life & Culture 2:21 The
Secret to World Famous Carrot Cake (Hint: Jail) 12/25/2018 This Christmas at
the Rikers Island jail complex, inmates and the staff are looking forward to a
special treat from the jails’ bakery. We went inside. Photo: Natalia V.
Osipova/The Wall Street Journal 4:21 Three Boys Explain Why They Play Fortnite
Every Chance They Get 12/21/2018 8:00AM 4:03 Your Home Needs a Robot Vacuum
12/16/2018 8:30AM 3:43 Lab-Grown Meat Prompts Rabbis to Consider the
Impossible: Kosher Bacon 12/14/2018 3:36PM 4:32 'Beam Me Up, Scotty:' A 'Star
Trek' Home in Silicon Valley 12/6/2018 10:00AM More → More → Sponsored 2:21
Sponsored Am I Doing What I Love? 9/22/2016 11:59PM 1:00 Sponsored Golf's Data
Revolution 9/9/2016 2:16PM 1:30 Sponsored How Worldly Experiences Can Shape
One's Success 1/24/2018 27:34 Sponsored Creating the Future Workforce
1/17/2017 3:39PM More → More → Marketwatch, Moneyish and Barron's 2:30 How
automated digital payroll will change the way employees get paid 1/3/2019
Here's how the 'consumerization' of payroll could affect when and how you
receive your paycheck. 3:56 When a couple with opposite attitudes about money
buys a house 1/3/2019 7:00AM 3:18 AI could transform the world. Here's what's
holding it back 1/2/2019 7:03AM 1:06 A personality test expert assesses
Hillary Clinton and Warren Buffett 1/2/2019 7:00AM 3:09 Why the banking
industry will spend $100bn in cloud services by 2019 12/28/2018 7:10AM More →
The Wall Street Journal Digital Network WSJ.com WSJ Video MarketWatch.com
Barrons.com BigCharts.com Virtual Stock Exchange About About Content
Partnerships Advertising Advertise Locally Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data
Policy Your Ad Choices Copyright Policy Tools Tablet Edition Podcasts RSS
Feeds WSJ on Twitter WSJ on Facebook Help Help Customer Service Contact Us
Global Support WSJ Podcasts ViewWSJ Videoon WSJ Video Home Topics Browse
Videos Programs Events Content from Sponsors View WSJ Video On