WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello About Us Executive Editors Kara Swisher Co-Executive Editor Kara
Swisher started covering digital issues for The Wall Street Journal’s San
Francisco bureau in 1997 and also wrote the BoomTown column about the sector.
With Walt Mossberg, she co-produces and co-hosts D: All Things Digital, a
major high-tech and media conference. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow
close close Walt Mossberg Co-Executive Editor Walt Mossberg is the author and
creator of the weekly Personal Technology column in The Wall Street Journal,
which has appeared since 1991. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close
close News John Paczkowski Deputy Managing Editor John Paczkowski has been
poking fun at the tech industry and the personalities that drive it since
1997. From 1999 to 2007, he wrote the award-winning tech news Web log Good
Morning Silicon Valley for the San Jose Mercury News, Silicon Valley’s daily
newspaper. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Peter Kafka
Senior Editor Peter Kafka has been covering media and technology since 1997,
when he joined the staff of Forbes magazine. Most recently, he has been the
managing editor of the tech and media Web site, Silicon Alley Insider. home
ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Liz Gannes Senior Editor Liz
Gannes has been a Silicon Valley-based business technology reporter since
2004, where she started her career as a reporter at Red Herring. She was the
second employee at the technology blog network GigaOM, where she covered the
rise of the social Web. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close
Ina Fried Senior Editor Ina Fried has joined All Things Digital to cover
wireless issues and devices, including tablets, smartphones and even some
phones of average intelligence. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close
close Arik Hesseldahl Senior Editor Arik Hesseldahl has been covering
technology since 1996, when he launched a weekly column devoted to a new-
fangled thing called the Internet for The Idaho State Journal, where he was a
business reporter at the time. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close
close Mike Isaac Senior Editor Mike Isaac will cover the social web and its
biggest players, including Facebook, Twitter and Google. home ethics statement
bio e-mail follow close close Jason Del Rey Senior Editor Jason Del Rey has
been a business journalist since 2007, when he joined Inc. magazine. There, he
wrote about startups and fast-growing small businesses across all industries.
home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Eric Johnson Community
Manager Eric Johnson joined All Things Digital in January 2012 as an intern,
and then became Community Manager in October 2012. He now oversees social
media operations and editorial projects and also regularly contributes
articles about videogames. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close
Product News & Reviews Katherine Boehret Reviews Editor Katherine A. (Katie)
Boehret is a reporter for the Wall Street Journal, where she has worked since
2002 in the office of columnist Walt Mossberg. She writes the weekly Digital
Solution column, a review of consumer technology which appears every
Wednesday. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Lauren Goode
Senior Reviewer Lauren Goode joins AllThingsD from The Wall Street Journal
Digital Network, where she was a multimedia producer and reporter from 2008 to
2011. home ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Bonnie Cha Senior
Reviewer Bonnie Cha began covering technology in 2002. She most recently spent
eight years at CNET reviewing various consumer electronics, including
printers, software, and smartphones, as well as reporting on the wireless
industry. ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Editors John Murrell
Senior Editor, News Following a trail originally blazed by John Paczkowski,
John Murrell made his way to All Things Digital by way of the San Jose Mercury
News. ethics statement bio e-mail close close Elizabeth Crane Associate
Editor, Copy Elizabeth Crane began her writing and editing career penning
business profiles and case studies back in the Web 1.0 heyday for the McGraw-
Hill magazine UnixWorld/Open Computing. Since then, she has freelanced for a
wide range of magazines, Web sites and newspapers in and out of the technology
sphere. ethics statement bio e-mail close close Joe Brown Associate Editor,
News & Copy A writer and editor with more than 25 years of experience in print
and electronic media, Joe Brown worked for much of that time at the Washington
Post and San Francisco Chronicle newspapers, before taking a gamble and moving
to Las Vegas to work at the Las Vegas Sun newspaper and Las Vegas Weekly
magazine. ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Business, Site
Operations and Conferences Lia Lorenzano-Kennett General Manager, D: All
Things Digital Lia Lorenzano-Kennett started her career working for Guy
Kawasaki at Apple Computer, producing its first-ever Worldwide Developers
Conference. She has also produced Agenda, Demo, DevCon, Vortex and D: All
Things Digital. bio e-mail close Adam Tow Senior Producer, Web and Multimedia
Adam Tow has over a decade of experience producing Web sites, most recently
for AllThingsD.com, where he designed much of the site’s custom features and
functionality. He has also created sites for Stanford University, Meraki, Eye-
Fi, Sharpcast, and Palm. ethics statement bio e-mail follow close close Pete
Mall Senior Developer Pete Mall is a veteran open-source developer and
contributing developer to WordPress and bbPress. He is a WordPress evangelist
and a regular speaker on the WordCamp circuit and helped architect and develop
the Network Administration Dashboard for WordPress 3.1. bio e-mail follow
close Ed Daly Senior Group Administrator, D: All Things Digital Ed Daly has
performed behind-the-scenes support for the D: All Things Digital conference
and AllThingsD.com. bio e-mail close Jill Pendergast Senior Producer, D: All
Things Digital Jill Pendergast is founder of JP Productions, a full-service
conference and meeting planning company. With over 15 years of conference
management, customer service and entertainment experience, she has produced
successful events including D: All Things Digital. bio e-mail close Meg Burns
Registration and Housing Manager, D: All Things Digital Meg Burns has been the
registration and housing manager for the past five D: All Things Digital
conferences. She began working in event registration with Apple’s Worldwide
Developers Conference, then spent several years with IDG Event Management
Group on such events as Agenda and Demo. bio e-mail close Interns Thomas
Johnson Intern Thomas Johnson is a graduate journalism student at Stanford
University. Before moving to California, he grew up in Miami and graduated
from Florida International University, with a bachelor degree in journalism
and in political science. ethics statement bio e-mail close close Vjeran Pavic
Intern Vjeran Pavic is currently a student at Stanford University, where he is
pursuing his masters degree in journalism. He recently graduated from Emerson
College with a bachelors degree in journalism, with minors in marketing and
photography. ethics statement bio e-mail close close About Us FAQ Terms of
Service Advertise with Us E-Readers Comments Policy Privacy Policy Cookies
Policy Send a Tip Contact Us AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version