WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Mike Isaac ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @MikeIsaac Recent
Posts by Mike Isaac In Facebook’s News Feed Redesign, the Focus Is on the
Photos March 7, 2013 at 10:49 am PT Tweet Share Print If nothing else,
Facebook knows this: Looks matter. That has been the theme of Facebook’s
revamped News Feed unveiled on Thursday morning — a heavy emphasis on fuller
photos, larger check-ins and location displays, and an overall re-think of the
way people experience the ceaseless barrage of information flowing through the
feed. (Expect it to trickle out on the Web today, and across the mobile apps
in the coming weeks.) The company’s conceit for the new look takes a media-
focused tack: “We want to give everyone in the world the best personalized
newspaper in the world,” Zuckerberg said at an event at Facebook’s Menlo Park
campus on Thursday. And design director Julie Zhuo said that this newspaper is
populated with “stories,” or Facebook’s redesigned take on the status update.
But forget all of that. This redesign is about visuals, not the bland, black-
and-white text that makes up the stuff of status updates. Photos are full-
bleed. Check-ins and “Liking” brands puts more prominence on the photography
and less on the words. You can even sort by different categories, including
exclusively updates featuring only snapshots. (You’re able to sort by other
types of content — like music — as well.) This is all not entirely surprising.
According to a source I spoke with recently, Facebook News Feed engineers see
the most engagement from users on photography and visuals that appear inside
the News Feed. And every time Facebook tweaks the algorithm to show the best
content that users engage with the most, photos still float to being the most
prominent inside the feed — so much so that Facebook must tweak the algorithm
to show more text-based status update content, even if that isn’t the stuff
people want to look at the most. Zuckerberg acknowledges the importance of
photos, and the ways people use them. “The types of stories that we tell when
we communicate with a photo as opposed to text are completely different,” he
said onstage. But Facebook’s actions make clear that this is the direction it
has gone in for some time. Look at the massive $730 million dollar buy of
Instagram. Look at the slow “Pinterestification” of certain topics. Look at
how much attention photos have received on the phone. One outlier — how will
Facebook integrate Instagram, the quintessential “visual” app of the day?
Zuckerberg said it’ll be treated like any other app in the ecosystem. Which is
sort of curious, considering another one of today’s themes was “consistency”
across platforms. Facebook’s News Feed redesign looks the same on the Web
interface as it does on mobile now. But Instagram has a standalone Web site
and continues to have a mobile app separate from the main Facebook app. Not
sure how that’ll sync up across Facebook as a whole. It’s a bit funny, too, if
you look across the aisle at one of Facebook’s main competitors: Twitter. The
microblogging service also revamped its product in a major way this year,
adding more prominence to photos, videos and story links from outsiders. It
also launched redesigned iPad and mobile apps, aiming for a “consistent”
design across all platforms. Even Google+ is heavily invested in the photo-
centric focus, blowing up images across all platforms. So essentially, it’s a
race across all platforms to look as pretty as possible. That’s where
engagement lies, and how you’ll hook your user base in the long term. After
all, you need to give the people what they want. Tagged with: event, Facebook,
Mark Zuckerberg, news feed, photos In Wake of Delivery Delays, Amazon Offers
Gift Cards to Customers December 26, 2013 at 12:11 pm PT RapGenius and Google:
Tales in Growth Hacking Gone Wrong December 26, 2013 at 9:52 am PT Twitter
Stock Has a Very Merry Christmas December 26, 2013 at 6:45 am PT Freshdesk
Nabs $7 Million Series C December 19, 2013 at 4:30 am PT Tweets Are the New
Black: NYT Reporter’s Twitter Book to Be Made for TV December 18, 2013 at 9:57
am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version