Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login Facebook Marketplace Gets
Buy-In From Brands and Users Alike Reading Time: 2 Minutes With additional
features and placements being rolled out each month, Facebook continues to
enable innovative ways for users and brands to interact with others on the
platform. Recently, Facebook rolled out a new feature called Marketplace,
where users can connect with others who are interested in buying and selling
items through the platform. Much like an exchange place, the Facebook
Marketplace has been able to facilitate over 18 million new items posted for
sale in just one month, with 77% growth in the amount of unique conversations
between potential buyers and sellers. A key factor that sets Marketplace apart
from other exchange platforms is that competing sites do not disclose nearly
as much information about who is on the other end of an exchange. With
Marketplace, each item is associated with a Facebook user’s profile and the
vicinity they’re located in to help gauge travel coordination and buying and
selling logistics, which provides users with a greater sense of comfort and
confidence in completing a purchase or sale. The product allows billions of
users the opportunity to buy and sell items while saving time and money to
focus on every day activities they enjoy. Building on the success of
Marketplace, Facebook has found a way to seamlessly weave valuable advertising
units into a space where users are already showing strong purchase intent
signals. This advertising opportunity allows brands to intercept a key part of
the consideration and conversion phases of a user’s purchase journey by giving
advertisers a chance to deliver products similar to what users have searched
for. Brands can also target Marketplace users based on their interests and
past purchase behavior. As a result, users have been able to find products in
a separate section of the platform, distinct from updates from friends and
family. Being able to capture revenue without leaving the platform benefits
the advertiser, the platform, and the user. Brands are able to insert
themselves into a key phase in the user purchase funnel, while Facebook is
able to unobtrusively show users items similar to what they are searching for.
And users get the benefit of being served purchasable items they have
expressed interest in without having to do any additional digging. In a
competitive landscape, Facebook has been able to add search-based marketing to
their repertoire where they’ve previously been able to master social media
advertising. This means that brands are now able to bid on search-based ad
inventory within the Facebook ecosystem while leveraging the platform’s suite
of targeting capabilities and data partnerships. A key reason the Marketplace
ad placements are already becoming such valuable space for advertisers is that
search has never been so granularly tied to a user ID. With first party and/or
pixel-based information, Facebook can derive invaluable information about its
users to better execute against. Where other traditional search marketing
formats use cookie data and tagging to trace back user information, Facebook’s
account creation alone brings useful data points that can ensure brands are
reaching those who are most inclined to take action and purchase Marketplace
placement products advertised. What may be the most important element of this
extension is that advertisers are able to simply utilize the same ads within
the News Feed and add Marketplace as an additional placement to optimize
towards. This means that brands can allocate their dollars in the most
efficient way throughout the purchase journey without needing to force spend
towards a placement that isn’t driving the strongest return. For more
information about Facebook Marketplace advertising options, contact Adaptly >>
Andrew Santomauro Client Strategy Manager Andrew has been a Client Strategy
Manager at Adaptly for 3 years, handling day-to-day brand strategy. He's an
avid sneakerhead and photography enthusiast who listens to arguably too much
Justin Bieber. Office New York Share Categories Blog Back To Blog > Fill out
form to access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact
Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we
promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries
contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com
New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy
Contact