WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Mark
‘Sorry’ Zuckerberg’s Beacon Memo: BoomTown Decodes It, So You Don’t Have To!
December 6, 2007 at 12:10 am PT Tweet Share Print Yesterday, Facebook Founder
and CEO Mark Zuckerberg posted a major mea culpa blog post about the
controversy around its Beacon ad product, which can track your purchases on
some external sites and send the information back to your profile’s news feed.
As usual, BoomTown asked for the obligatory on-the-record interview with
Zuckerberg (pictured above), but he still has not invited us over to get
social at his social-networking HQ in Palo Alto, Calif. So while we’re waiting
by the phone, we need to get busy. Thus, we continue our thankless quest to
decode all memos from Internet moguls (BoomTown speaks fluent Web 2.0 double
talk). (In October, we did this for Randy Falco’s memo about the AOL layoffs.
And, back in late August, we also translated a memo from Yahoo President Sue
Decker about its reorganization of management.) So here’s my take on Mark’s
take: Mark wrote: Thoughts on Beacon Translation: Facebook PR head Brandee
Barker’s thoughts on Beacon, so Valleywag’s Owen Thomas will stop pestering
her. Mark wrote: About a month ago, we released a new feature called Beacon to
try to help people share information with their friends about things they do
on the Web. We’ve made a lot of mistakes building this feature, but we’ve made
even more with how we’ve handled them. We simply did a bad job with this
release, and I apologize for it. While I am disappointed with our mistakes, we
appreciate all the feedback we have received from our users. I’d like to
discuss what we have learned and how we have improved Beacon. Translation: I
thought I was the CEO…b#*t#*, as my business card used to read, but it turns
out maybe not so much. I would surely like to zombie-bite those annoying
reporters, the whiny privacy advocates and those cut-and-run advertisers, who
obviously don’t understand my $15 billion worth of genius. I wonder if I could
find a way to blame the Winklevosses, who have the audacity to sue me for
stealing their original social networking idea at Harvard! Mark wrote: When we
first thought of Beacon, our goal was to build a simple product to let people
share information across sites with their friends. It had to be lightweight so
it wouldn’t get in people’s way as they browsed the Web, but also clear enough
so people would be able to easily control what they shared. We were excited
about Beacon because we believe a lot of information people want to share
isn’t on Facebook, and if we found the right balance, Beacon would give people
an easy and controlled way to share more of that information with their
friends. Translation: When we first thought of Beacon, we thought it would
make bank to backfill that kooky valuation, so Steve Ballmer would stop
texting me “Where’s the beef, dude?” hourly. By lightweight, we meant we were
actually thinking of a sneaky way of tricking users into becoming digital
billboards without realizing it. By easy and controlled, we meant an easy way
to control their brains into thinking this was a good thing. Mark wrote: But
we missed the right balance. At first we tried to make it very lightweight so
people wouldn’t have to touch it for it to work. The problem with our initial
approach of making it an opt-out system instead of opt-in was that if someone
forgot to decline to share something, Beacon still went ahead and shared it
with their friends. It took us too long after people started contacting us to
change the product so that users had to explicitly approve what they wanted to
share. Instead of acting quickly, we took too long to decide on the right
solution. I’m not proud of the way we’ve handled this situation and I know we
can do better. Translation: But we lost our balance sitting on the big pile of
money we got from Microsoft and that richer-than-rich Asian billionaire. To
repeat: Lightweight=sneaky. Since most of our users are too busy popping each
others zits or sending digital teddy bears or being cartoonified, we were
shocked that they were actually paying attention to our efforts to milk their
interests in, say, mountain biking or spelunking, as if they were cows and we
were Old MacDonald. E-I-E-I-Oops. Mark wrote: Facebook has succeeded so far in
part because it gives people control over what and how they share information.
This is what makes Facebook a good utility, and in order to be a good feature,
Beacon also needs to do the same. People need to be able to explicitly choose
what they share, and they need to be able to turn Beacon off completely if
they don’t want to use it. Translation: Facebook has succeeded so far, in part
because people are simultaneously natural stalkers and shameless
exhibitionists. So we thought they’d jump at the chance to tell all their
friends they had bought, say, a year’s supply of Viagra or downloaded songs
from Air Supply or ordered several pairs of Spanx. Mark wrote: This has been
the philosophy behind our recent changes. Last week we changed Beacon to be an
opt-in system, and today we’re releasing a privacy control to turn off Beacon
completely. You can find it here. If you select that you don’t want to share
some Beacon actions or if you turn off Beacon, then Facebook won’t store those
actions even when partners send them to Facebook. Translation: Philosophy? All
those Harvard philosophy majors now work for me in customer service. Opt-in,
opt-out. If we say it fast over and over again, users will hopefully get
really dazed and confused and just lay down and accept their ultimate fate as
target practice for marketers. More to the point, I just said we will still
receive information on all your purchases and I hope you did not notice that.
Opt-in-opt-out-opt-in-opt-out-opt-in-opt-out. Are you getting sleepy yet? Mark
wrote: On behalf of everyone working at Facebook, I want to thank you for your
feedback on Beacon over the past several weeks and hope that this new privacy
control addresses any remaining issues we’ve heard about from you.
Translation: And we have made it extra special confusing to change your Beacon
settings, because of all the whining from you teeny brains, which is really
annoying to us big brains here at Facebook. To get back at you, we’re hard at
work thinking up all sorts of new privacy violations you’ll never be able to
understand! Mark wrote: Thanks for taking the time to read this. Translation:
You may return to your regularly scheduled SuperPoking. Mark wrote: Mark
Translation: Beacon fiasco aside, I’m still the CEO b#*#*, no matter how many
times Swisher mocks my flip-flops. Tagged with: AOL, Beacon, BoomTown, Brandee
Barker, digital, Facebook, Internet, Kara Swisher, Mark Zuckerberg, Randy
Falco, social networking, Sue Decker, Winklevoss, Yahoo Third Foxconn Worker
Dies Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at
10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie
“Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks
About $10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May
18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be
a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on
Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version