WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Monday Morning Quarterback: The Can't-We-All-Get-
Along Edition August 27, 2007 at 1:34 am PT Tweet Share Print Interoperate’s
Just Another Word for Nothing Left to Lose Here is that video from MarketWatch
about the joint interview PBS’s Charlie Rose did with John Chambers of Cisco
and Microsoft’s Steve Ballmer, where they trotted out that old saw about
coopetition. In other words, how the tech giants might compete, but also
interoperate for customers’ sake. Let’s say we keep this one near the top of
the pile, just in case it turns out differently. “The Newspaper Is Dead. Long
Live the Newspaper.” That’s a nice kicker at the end of an excellent essay on
the shift in newspaper reading from Slate’s Jack Shafer (full disclosure–I
once worked for him when I was but a wee lass). Shafer’s not saying much new
here: Guess what? People are increasingly getting their news on the Web and
they like it that way! But, as usual, he says it well: Horrible as it may
sound, on many days the newsprint front page tastes of already chewed gum.
“I’m not the average reader, but anecdotes convince me that the average reader
is becoming more like me every day—reading tomorrow’s news today.” And he has
some good suggestions for the troublesome trend, too: more succinct stories;
better use of graphics on heftier inside pages; and, of course, acceptance of
inevitable change. I would add: Pray fervently that the trend is not moving
quite as fast as it actually is. Go Ahead and Use That SUV and Feel Better–Not
OK, I will admit I have been somewhat dubious about these carbon-offset
credits you can buy to balance out your energy consumption. Now, I am even
more disturbed after seeing this video about the topic, given that Michel
Gelobter of the think tank Redefining Progress and founder of
Climatecooler.com says some companies that can cause increased global warming
are being planned, so we can pay them not to be created. In the meantime, also
read Valleywag Owen Thomas’s entirely on-point screed about the global
warmingness of the techie-heavy Burning Man event, now taking place in the
Nevada desert. Confused? Here’s the video: Tagged with: BoomTown, carbon
offsets, Charlie Rose, Cisco, digital, global warming, Internet, Jack Shafer,
John Chambers, Kara Swisher, Microsoft, newspaper, PBS, Slate, Steve Ballmer
You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our
Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December
31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski
and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral
Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at
4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson,
Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos »
api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » First the NSA came for, well, jeez pretty much everybody’s data at
this point, and I said nothing because wait how does this joke work— Parker
Higgins via Twitter AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version