WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl What Exactly Happened at Autonomy? November
20, 2012 at 8:11 am PT Tweet Share Print Today’s bombshell from Hewlett-
Packard concerning an $8.8 billion write-down related to Autonomy, the British
software firm it acquired in 2011 for $11.7 billion in combined cash and
assumed debt, is a little hard to understand. Here’s how it breaks down:
First, HP’s total $8.8 billion write-down isn’t all Autonomy-related. Of that
total amount, about $5 billion relates specifically to Autonomy. Moments ago,
on a conference call with reporters, HP CFO Cathie Lesjak said that the rest
stems from the drop in HP’s share price. The core allegation is that people at
Autonomy took certain accounting actions while still running Autonomy as a
publicly held company in the U.K., which had the end effect of making Autonomy
seem more valuable than it was. As CEO Meg Whitman put it on a conference call
a few minutes ago: “There appears to have been a wilfull effort on the part of
certain former Autonomy employees to inflate the underlying financials of the
company in order to mislead investors and potential buyers.” It’s important to
note that Autonomy’s founder and former CEO Mike Lynch has just issued a
statement, essentially denying HP’s claims. I heard portions of the statement
read on CNBC. In a statement being reported by Reuters, he has “flatly
rejected” HP’s allegations. Also: “HP’s due diligence review was intensive,
overseen on behalf of HP by KPMG, Barclays and Perella Weinberg. HP’s senior
management has also been closely involved with running Autonomy for the past
year.” So what is alleged to have happened? For one thing, Autonomy, as HP
tells it, was selling some hardware at a loss. During a period of about eight
quarters prior to HP’s acquisition, Autonomy sold some hardware products that
had a very low margin or on which it may have even taken a loss. It then
allegedly turned around and booked those hardware sales as high-margin
software sales. At least some portion of the cost on these products, Whitman
said, was booked as a marketing expense, not as cost of goods sold. There’s a
second piece of the puzzle, where HP says that Autonomy was selling software
to value-added resellers — the middlemen in so many technology transactions —
in which there are ultimately no end users. That, too, inflated apparent
revenue. Third, there were some long-term hosting deals — essentially,
Autonomy hosting applications for its customers on a subscription basis — that
were converted to short-term licensing deals. Future revenue for software
subscriptions — that should have been deferred or recorded as coming in the
future but not yet booked — were stripped out and booked all at once. John
Schultz, HP’s general counsel, said there appeared to be what he called “a
conscious effort by some former Autonomy employees to portray it as a pure
software company.” The low-margin or loss-making hardware sales in particular,
he said on the conference call, amounted to as much as 10 percent to 15
percent of Autonomy’s revenue during the eight-quarter period in question. It
had the effect, Schultz said, of not only closing the gap between actual
financial growth and the consensus expectation of analysts — meeting the
consensus is always a concern at a publicly held company — but also inflated
the “growth metrics” of the company. “From an accounting perspective, there
were improprieties, but also there were severe disclosure failures,” he said.
Lesjak said the problems are not only with the fact that revenue was inflated
by itself, but the kinds of revenue. “These hardware sales were frequently
reported as licenses. The VAR sales were reported as licenses, and they
weren’t, in some sense, real sales, because there was no end user.” The
result, Lesjak said, was that Autonomy was able to boost its gross margins, a
key measurement of profitability. Where Autonomy had been reporting gross
margins in the neighborhood of 40 percent to 45 percent, Lesjak said a more
realistic gross margin at Autonomy going forward is in the 28 percent to 30
percent range. So what is HP going to do about it? First, it has reported the
matter to the enforcement division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, and to the Serious Fraud Office in the U.K. Once those authorities
have their say, HP will likely sue someone. Whitman conceded that it will
likely take years before it’s all done. It’s going to get ugly before it’s
over. The Wall Street Journal just got a statement from former HP CEO Léo
Apotheker, who did the Autonomy deal during his 11-month tenure as CEO. In a
word, he says he’s “stunned.” He will also make himself available to help HP
get to the bottom of it all. Whitman was just on CNBC for several minutes,
going through the particulars and reiterating much of what she said on the
conference call with reporters. Here’s the video: RELATED POSTS: More From
Mike Lynch: HP’s Autonomy Accusations Are Getting Weaker Mike Lynch Punches
Back at Today’s HP Filing: Whither $5B Writedown? HP Confirms DOJ Is
Investigating Alleged Fraud in Autonomy Deal Yes, There Are Layoffs Pending at
HP’s Autonomy Unit in the U.K. Former HP CEO Shifts Blame for Autonomy Deal to
Chairman Dell Passed on Autonomy Before HP Bought It Why Mike Lynch Is Playing
PR Hardball With HP Autonomy Founder Lynch Asks Board to Explain HP
Allegations Autonomy Founder Lynch Blames Accounting Standards in HP Flap The
Red Flags That Were Obvious — To Some — In the HP-Autonomy Deal Oracle’s
Ellison Vindicated in Autonomy PR Flap by HP’s $8.8 Billion Writedown Autonomy
Founder Mike Lynch Rejects HP Charges, Alleges Mismanagement What Exactly
Happened at Autonomy? HP Explains Its $8.8 Billion “Oops” HP Beats Street Amid
Sales Declines, Takes $8.8 Billion Charge HP Names Microsoft Exec Robert
Youngjohns to Run Autonomy Search Under Way at HP for Autonomy’s Next Chief
Autonomy’s Mike Lynch Talks About Being HP’s Speedy Tiger Cub (Video)
Britain’s First Software Billionaire Now Reports to HP CEO Meg Whitman Oracle
Launches Exalytics Machine, Probably Ending Spat With Autonomy Autonomy: When
All Else Fails, Blame the Bankers Mike Lynch to Oracle: Oh, You Mean Those
Slides Oracle: You Have a Very Bad Memory, Mr. Lynch HP Reportedly Close to
$10 Billion Buyout of Autonomy, PC Unit Spinoff Will Oracle and Microsoft Bid
on Autonomy? Tagged with: accounting, Autonomy, Cathie Lesjak, CNBC, hardware,
Hewlett-Packard, HP, Meg Whitman, Mike Lynch, Reuters, software Apple Denies
Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t
Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at
12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at
8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of
the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-
Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version