Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login ICYMI: A Guide to Full-Funnel
Advertising, Social Video Optimization, & More Reading Time: 2 Minutes This
week: An Adaptly strategy guide outlining the best ad types for every stage of
the funnel, a 2018 prediction about social video, a 2018 trend report from
Pinterest, and a new way to interact with hashtags on Instagram. Awareness to
Conversion: Best Ad Types for Every Stage of the Funnel | Adaptly A full-
funnel approach to marketing is key to capturing and converting customers.
Planning for the three main stages of the funnel – awareness, consideration,
and conversion – is the best way for advertisers to reach users with the right
message at the right time. Certain ad formats on social platforms are most
effective at specific stages of the funnel, so Adaptly has created a strategy
guide that maps out which ad type to use when. Download the full guide for
insight into how to target and measure at each stage of the funnel, along with
use cases for a multitude of ad formats. Video Optimization to Be ‘Mastered’
on Social Platforms | PerformanceIN In 2017, video became the new norm on
social. In 2018, Adaptly VP Rob Kabrovski predicts that there will be a rise
in demand from brands looking for advice on how to master social video and
optimize their large-scale campaigns. Given that consumers scroll through over
300 feet of content every day, it is important for brands to really understand
the nature of video on social and break through to consumers in mere seconds.
Check out the post for more on why it will be more important than ever for
advertisers to nail video on social in 2018. 100 Trend Predictions for 2018 |
Pinterest for Business Because people use Pinterest to shop and plan, new
trends often emerge on the platform first. Every December, Pinterest publishes
a list of 100 emerging trends to provide a sneak peek at what the following
year will bring. This year’s list features hot topics in food, fashion, home
decor, and more, along with expanded interest targeting options to help brands
reach more people as they search for information about growing trends. Knowing
what’s on consumers’ minds as they look ahead to 2018 will help advertisers
tailor their messaging accordingly. Now You Can Follow Hashtags on Instagram |
Instagram Blog The hashtag has become more actionable on Instagram: Users can
now follow hashtags in the same way they follow accounts. Every day, millions
of Instagram users add relevant hashtags to their photos and videos to make
them easier to find. Being able to follow hashtags will enable users to
discover more posts related to the topics that interest them. Chandler Sopko
Marketing Manager Chandler has been with Adaptly for 3 years, bringing her
marketing background and love of social media to the ad tech scene. When she
isn’t looking at pictures of food on Instagram she can be found doing the
crossword or exploring New York City. Office New York Share Categories Blog
Back To Blog > Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something
Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and
insights. No spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General
Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information
pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London
20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive
Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa
Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103
Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our
Vision Privacy Policy Contact