WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Carrot Flop: Twitter CEO Costolo Finds Lack of
Woman on Board Is No Joking Matter October 6, 2013 at 5:37 pm PT Tweet Share
Print Two weeks ago, I wrote a piece about the lack of women on the board of
Twitter, just as the San Francisco microblogging company prepared to unveil
its IPO documents. In the post, I noted that “the lack of a female director on
its board even caused one board member to make a naughty joke that has been
widely repeated inside the company — and forgive me in advance for this — that
Twitter’s governing body has to expand beyond ‘three Peters and a Dick.'” That
quip referred to four of the members of the all-white, all-male board: Former
Netscape CFO and well-known investor Peter Currie; former News Corp COO and
successful Hollywood mogul Peter Chernin; under-the-radar Silicon Valley power
VC Peter Fenton of Benchmark Capital; and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo. Yesterday,
Costolo tried to make another funny on the subject that only ended up casting
light on the glaring issue even more. Responding to a critic of the board
makeup — Stanford University’s voluble Vivek Wadhwa — the longtime tech exec
tweeted that Wadhwa is the “Carrot Top of academic sources.” That would be the
not-so-funny comic — and a very low blow! @rich1 Vivek Wadhwa is the Carrot
Top of academic sources. — dick costolo (@dickc) October 5, 2013 Wadhwa — a
fellow at Stanford’s Rock Center for Corporate Governance, who is currently
writing a book on women in tech — was quoted in a New York Times piece about
the lack of a female board member at Twitter: “This is the elite arrogance of
the Silicon Valley mafia, the Twitter mafia. It’s the same male chauvinistic
thinking. The fact that they went to the I.P.O. without a single woman on the
board, how dare they?” As you might imagine, the snarky tweet by Costolo — who
has done a lot of improv comedy himself — was not well received by many on
Twitter, although he and Wadhwa had several exchanges that were more civil.
Slightly. @wadhwa you're not seeing my point. you give people an easy out by
just checking a box. The issues are much bigger than checking any 1 box. —
dick costolo (@dickc) October 5, 2013 It was an interesting back-and-forth,
for sure, which is likely to put more pressure on the Twitter board to add a
woman sooner than later. Among the many reasons that it might be a good idea?
Numerous studies show that more women use Twitter than men. To be clear,
correcting the massive gender imbalance in corporate governance is something
more companies in tech — Twitter is hardly an outlier here — certainly need to
consider. As I wrote more than two years ago, many private Web 2.0 companies
have few women board members, unlike a number of public tech companies. While
slow in adding them, the boards of Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook,
Zynga, LinkedIn and eBay now include at least one woman. Sources at Twitter,
as I previously wrote, said the company has placed a top priority on adding a
woman to the current all-male roster, as well as hiring a search firm to gin
up names of candidates. That list was topped by former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton, a pretty big reach, who has not been contacted by Twitter as
yet. Among those who did engage with the company, said sources: Former NBC
Universal exec Lauren Zalaznick and former MTV Networks chief Judith McGrath.
Tagged with: Amazon, Apple, Benchmark Capital, board, California, candidate,
Carrot Top, comic, critic, Dick Costolo, director, document, eBay, Facebook,
gender, Google, Hillary Clinton, Hollywood, investor, IPO, Judith McGrath,
Lauren Zalaznick, LinkedIn, member, Microsoft, MTV Networks, NBC Universal,
Netscape, New York Times, News Corp., Peter Chernin, Peter Currie, Peter
Fenton, piece, post, Rock Center for Corporate Governance, San Francisco,
search, Secretary of State, Silicon Valley, Stanford University, tweet,
Twitter, VC, Vivek Wadhwa, Web 2.0, woman, Zynga You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Nobody was excited about paying top dollar for a movie about
WikiLeaks. A film about the origins of Pets.com would have done better.—
Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend
box office numbers for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version