WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Personal Technology > Laptops Google Unveils a Laptop With Its Brain in the
Cloud June 22, 2011 at 6:05 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » Would
you buy a laptop that comes with only one major program—a Web browser—and
doesn’t allow you to install widely used software such as Microsoft Office,
Apple’s iTunes, Adobe Reader, or, in fact, any other locally installed
program? Are you ready for a laptop that has almost no storage space to hold
your personal files, photos and videos, and is designed around the idea that
you’ll keep all that precious personal stuff on remote servers? How about a
laptop that can do almost nothing unless it has an active Internet connection;
for instance, one that wouldn’t let you read and write email, or check your
calendar, offline? Would you buy that? Google is hoping you will. This month
it introduced a line of just such radical machines, in partnership with two
laptop makers, Samsung and Acer. They are called Chromebooks, after Google’s
Chrome Web browser, which is the gateway for everything they do. And they are
meant to challenge the two dominant computer platforms, Microsoft’s Windows
and Apple’s Mac OS X. These laptops are “cloud” computers—essentially full-
screen Web browsers designed to do everything via the Internet. Instead of
using traditional programs, you will rely on “Web apps” accessed through the
browser—email programs, word processors or photo editors, for example. Series
5 Chromebook by Samsung, one of Google’s partners on the new laptop. I’ve been
testing one of the Chromebooks, the Samsung Series 5, a handsome, relatively
light machine with a 12-inch screen. It costs $430 for a Wi-Fi version and
$500 for a model that also includes a built-in modem for cellular Internet
connectivity, which requires a monthly fee if you exceed the modest amount of
free data Google gives you. My verdict is that, while the Chromebook is a bold
idea that may be a harbinger of the future of computing, it’s too limited and
buggy today to be the main computer relied upon by mainstream users. I can’t
recommend it over a standard laptop, except perhaps as a secondary machine for
techies or early adopters. The Chromebook does have some advantages over
Windows and Mac laptops. But Google concedes these traditional laptops can run
all the same Web apps as a Chromebook, in addition to running local programs,
storing all your files and operating offline. Even tablets, like Apple’s iPad
and competitors based on Google’s Android operating system can run hundreds of
thousands of locally installed apps and Web apps as well. And they can run
offline and store files locally. The Chromebook offers only about 5,000 Web
apps today. Plus, tablets weigh less than half the 3.3 pounds of the Samsung
Series 5, and are much slimmer, though they have smaller screens and lack the
Chromebook’s physical keyboard. As for price, there are numerous Windows
laptops that cost the same or less. You can buy a Toshiba Satellite with a
15-inch screen, three gigabytes of memory, and a 320 gigabyte hard disk for
$400. And it’s powered by one of Intel’s latest and most powerful processors,
while the Samsung Chromebook uses the wimpy Intel Atom processor, primarily
found on inexpensive netbooks. But Google is a smart, forward-looking company
and there’s a logic to the Chromebook, which it sees as the first laptop
designed for the Internet era. And it does have some attractive advantages
over PCs and Macs: Cloud computing is here to stay and many people already
rely daily on Internet-based software, like Web mail programs or streaming
video services. So a cloud-centric computer isn’t a crazy idea. To help find
useful Web-based apps, the Chromebook has a Web app store, similar to the app
stores on tablets and smartphones. (The same store is built into the Chrome
browser on PCs and Macs.) The Chromebook starts up almost instantly—in 10 to
15 seconds in my tests—much more quickly than most Windows machines. This is
partly because it’s really just a big Web browser. In my tests, Apple’s
MacBook Air started just about as quickly, but it costs twice as much. The
Chromebook claims very long battery life—a whopping 8.5 hours for the model I
tested. I didn’t do a formal battery test, but I was able to go for several
days of intermittent use without charging it. Because all your apps, settings
and files are stored in the cloud, if you lose your Chromebook, or wish to use
someone else’s Chromebook, you can just log into your Google account and all
your stuff will appear on the new machine. Google automatically updates the
operating system, so you don’t have to deal with manual updates. Google claims
that, because every app runs in a tab in the browser, and those tabs are
walled off from the rest of the system, the Chromebook is much more secure
than other computers and doesn’t require security software. The system even
checks to see if it has been tampered with every time it starts. As for the
offline problem, Google provides a small amount of memory to which you can
save some files. You can insert a flash memory card or USB flash drive
containing files. Some of these files, like images and PDFs, can be viewed
offline in the browser, but not edited. And the machine contains crude built-
in music and video players, and a simple note-taking function, which work
offline. Google says a handful of Web apps today work offline as well, and it
is planning this summer to bring the same offline functionality to its own
Gmail, Google Docs and calendar apps. Top left, you can log into someone
else’s Chromebook and find all your stuff there; while the keyboard is nice,
the touch pad was clumsy to use. But there are problems. For instance, I found
watching a live baseball game to be a jerky, halting experience. Google blames
this on the weak processor it’s using. And Netflix doesn’t work at all. Google
says it’s working on this. Also, while the keyboard is nice, and even includes
special keys for switching between Web pages and browser windows, I found the
touch pad on the Samsung to be imprecise and clumsy to use. The Chromebook
also crashed on me four times, mostly because of a “memory leak” problem
Google says it will fix. Printing, which only works over Google’s “cloud
print” service and can’t be done via a cable, worked only some of the time for
me. And common files don’t automatically open in Web apps, though Google says
it is also working on that. It’s important to note that when you use a
Chromebook you are trusting Google with the privacy and security of your data,
and the company has run into occasional issues on both counts. The bottom
line: The best and most numerous programs are still designed for Windows and
the Mac, and we still live in a world without ubiquitous, speedy, low-cost,
unlimited wireless connectivity. So typical laptop users are better off with
computers designed for the current hybrid world, where both robust offline and
online functions are needed. Find all of Walt Mossberg’s columns and videos at
the All Things Digital website, walt.allthingsd.com. Write to him at
mossberg@wsj.com. Tagged with browser, Chrome, Chromebook, computer, Google,
laptop, netbook, Samsung, Web Apps, Web browser Top Products in Two Decades of
Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your
Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December
10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm
PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the
Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg
and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version