WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walter S. Mossberg and Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail
RSS Follow @kabster728 The Digital Solution > Music Sunglasses That Bring
Music to Your Ears January 11, 2006 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print See More
Reviews » Despite their huge popularity, iPods and other portable music
players force people to walk around with wires coming out of their ears.
That’s an anachronism in an age when everything is going wireless. While there
are some attachments for the iPod that allow the use of wireless headphones,
both the attachments and the cordless headphones are bulky and ungainly. The
Oakley Thump 2 from Oakley Inc. scores points for style, but costs between
$299 and $449 and has limited functionality. But there’s another approach to
getting rid of the wires: make the music player wearable. This week, we tested
just such a product — the Thump 2 from Oakley Inc., the same company known for
its stylish and expensive sunglasses with the signature “O” imprinted near
your temple. The Thump 2 is a pair of Oakley sunglasses with an MP3 player and
earbuds built into its foldable arms, eliminating the messiness of dangling
cords. After trying out the Thump 2, we agree that the sunglasses/earbuds
combination works pretty well, is comfortable to wear and operates rather
easily — using a series of buttons on the top side of each sunglass arm. But
it’s very expensive and rather impractical. The Thump 2 is an improved version
of the original Thump that came out about a year ago. That first version was
built on the thinner frames that you might conjure up when you picture a pair
of Oakleys. This Thump uses shades that have a boxier look. This gadget is
very light, weighing only 2.1 ounces, and comes in three capacities — 256 and
512 megabytes, and one gigabyte, which would provide room for about 60, 120
and 240 songs, respectively. Along with the designer look, all three versions
of the Thump 2 have a designer price tag — $299, $349 and $449. To give you an
idea of how that pricing compares with an iPod, made by Apple Computer Inc.,
the same $299 that you’d spend on the cheapest Thump 2 would buy you the
second-most-expensive iPod, which comes with 30 gigabytes of memory, a color
screen and video viewing capabilities, not to mention the other features that
a regular iPod offers. Instead of 60 songs, that $299 iPod can hold 7,500
songs. Oakley reminded us that the Thump sunglasses alone cost between $90 and
$180, depending on the lenses, which makes the price seem a little less
ridiculous, but the Thump’s price tag is still a lot to pay to lose the wires.
Pricing aside, the Thump 2 is seriously lacking in practicality. First and
foremost, it is built into sunglasses — meaning unless you want to look like a
Secret Service agent, you can only use the product outside. Oakley suggests
turning the Thump backward (resting on the back of your head) while indoors,
but it was immediately obvious to us that this work-around isn’t what the
Thump is made to do. The adjustable earbuds still reached our ears, but the
sunglasses didn’t stay put — and we weren’t even exercising, like many people
do while listening to their music players. Another issue with the Thump 2 is
its lack of a screen. There’s absolutely no way to view song information, nor
can you see the contents of your music player without plugging it into a
computer. No screen also means you won’t see a battery indicator, like that on
an iPod. Instead, you must listen for a special tone that sounds to indicate a
low battery. A tiny indicator light also glows when you’re low on battery, but
this is poorly placed so far back on one glasses arm that you must take off
the glasses to see it. We easily copied music onto the Thump 2 by attaching an
included USB cord to a small port on its right side and plugging it into one
of our computers running Windows XP; it is also compatible with Macs. Our test
Thump 2 — the one gigabyte, $449 version — was recognized on our computer like
any USB thumb drive, and we simply dragged and dropped songs onto it. We
dragged a handful of music files over, including MP3s from the pop band
Fountains of Wayne, and a few AAC (iTunes format) Bob Marley tunes. The Thump
can also handle WMA and WAV format files. The speakers sounded rather good to
us, and we liked being able to adjust the earbuds in five different directions
to make sure they were comfortably snug. The earbuds were designed to be
comfortable for long-term use, so they won’t start hurting after a while. You
can also crank up the volume and angle the earbuds away from your ears if you
don’t want to block other sounds out as much. Two buttons on the left sunglass
arm adjust volume (up and down), and three buttons on the right arm enable
seeking forward or back and play/pause. We skipped through songs with ease,
and were able to rewind or fast forward within songs to find certain spots. A
combination of buttons can be pressed for other functions, such as skipping 10
songs ahead (by pressing Pause then the Next Song/Fast Forward button) or
setting songs in shuffle mode (by holding the Next Song/Fast Forward button
and immediately pressing the Previous Song/Rewind button once). The Thump’s
battery is rechargeable by plugging into any computer, again using the USB
cord, and the indicator light glows green when the three-hour charge is
complete. After an hour, 80% of the battery is recharged, which is convenient.
We ran our Thump 2 for about six and a half hours; Oakley says its battery
will last for six hours. We got a few stares while wearing the Thump 2 on the
street, but for the most part, the earbuds weren’t noticeable at a glance —
especially when worn by someone with long hair that can hide the earbuds. If
this gadget had earbuds that could fold into the sunglass arms, the shades
themselves would be more versatile for use even when you’re not operating the
MP3 player. As is, the earbuds can be straightened out to run along the arm of
the glasses, but they’re never totally hidden away. The Thump 2 would also
benefit from a screen — perhaps even one that could flash on the lenses while
you’re wearing the device. But that kind of technology would probably push the
price point even higher. Unlike the iPod, which brilliantly combines stylish
form with practical function, the Oakley Thump 2 is strictly a style item.
Still, if you’re already used to spending hundreds of dollars on sunglasses,
the Thump 2 might seem like a deal. Everyone else would be better off
suffering with wired earbuds for now. Email: MossbergSolution@wsj.com. Tagged
with Apple, iPod, iTune, iTunes, Mac, MP3, music, Oakley Inc., Thump 2,
Windows, wireless, XP You’ve Come a Long Way, Silicon Valley December 17, 2013
at 3:47 pm PT Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better
Backup December 10, 2013 at 3:15 pm PT Oh, the Places Your Phone Will Find
December 03, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT Xbox One: Digital Home Base for the Living
Room November 26, 2013 at 3:25 pm PT An iPad That’s Mini in Screen Size Only
November 19, 2013 at 3:06 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD
contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The
Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version