News Yahoo Mail Endures Another Hacking Vulnerability Published on January 7,
2013 by Arik Hesseldahl If you’re seeing a spike in people apologizing via
their Facebook and Twitter feeds about how their email accounts have been
hacked in recent days, there’s a better-than-average chance that the email
account in question is on Yahoo Mail. Over the weekend there was a lot of buzz
about a cross-site scripting vulnerability recently discovered in Yahoo Mail.
It’s the subject of a story by TheNextWeb that’s getting a lot of traffic
today. The vulnerability was revealed by Shahin Ramezany, a researcher at
Abysssec, a small independent security firm. According to his video
demonstration, which you can see below (it’s hard to see, so best to watch it
in full-screen mode), the vulnerability is one of those cross-site scripting,
or XSS, vulnerabilities that work across multiple browsers. Ramezany said via
his Twitter feed that he will disclose more about how the vulnerability works
after Yahoo has patched it. But the vulnerability is practically identical to
another one that was documented in late November and was seen being hawked on
the Web by an Egyptian hacker known as TheHell for an asking price of $700.
Compare the two videos below. The first is from Abysssec/Ramezany and runs
about four minutes. The second was created by TheHell, and it runs about 90
seconds. First, Abysssec: And now TheHell: They certainly look similar to me.
Anyhow, security journalist Brian Krebs notified Yahoo about it on Nov. 12,
which means that if indeed these vulnerabilities are one and the same — not
100 percent certain, but tell me they don’t look alike — then Yahoo has had
nearly two months to try to patch it. It’s not the first time Yahoo Mail
accounts have been compromised in some manner. In July, the company confirmed
that some 450,000 user names and passwords were compromised. They had come to
Yahoo via its acquisition of Associated Content in 2010 and had been stored on
a server in plain text format. The news comes less than a month after Yahoo
unveiled a big redesign of its Yahoo Mail service, which followed a fairly
radical redesign of its home page. As of December, Yahoo Mail was in third
place behind Google’s Gmail and Microsoft’s Outlook.com (formerly Hotmail) as
the most popular Web mail service. Yahoo hasn’t said much about it yet and no
one there has returned my calls, though a Yahoo spokesman in the U.K. said the
company is investigating the vulnerability. Um, yeah. Return to: Yahoo Mail
Endures Another Hacking Vulnerability URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20130107/yahoo-mail-endures-another-hacking-
vulnerability/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.