Mobile Hear How Witnessing a Cross-Burning as a Child Motivated Apple CEO Tim
Cook to Fight for Equality (Video) Published on December 14, 2013 by Ina Fried
Apple CEO Tim Cook isn’t known for talking much about himself, but in a speech
this week, he talked about some of the early childhood experiences that shape
his passions around fighting for human rights and equality. “Growing up in
Alabama in the 1960s, I saw the devastating impacts of discrimination,” Cook
said, accepting a lifetime achievement award from Auburn University, his alma
mater. “Remarkable people were denied opportunities and treated without basic
human dignity, solely because of the color of their skin.” He talked about
seeing a cross-burning at the home of a nearby family. “This image was
permanently imprinted in my brain, and it would change my life forever,” Cook
said. “For me, the cross-burning was a symbol of ignorance, of hatred, and a
fear of anyone different than the majority. I could never understand it ,and I
knew then that America’s and Alabama’s history would always be scarred by the
hatred that it represented.” Cook notes that in his office are three photos —
two of Robert Kennedy, and one of Martin Luther King Jr. “They sacrificed
everything, including their lives, as champions of human rights and of human
dignity,” Cook said. “Their images inspire me. They serve as a reminder to me
every day that regardless of the path that one chooses, there are fundamental
commitments that should be a part of one’s journey.” Cook said he is glad that
his path has taken him to Apple, a company that shares his values. He talks
about his and Apple’s support for the Employment Non-Discrimination Act
(ENDA), which would prohibit companies from discriminating against gay,
lesbian, bisexual and transgender workers. “I have long believed in this, and
Apple has implemented protections for employees, even when the laws did not,”
he said. “Now is the time to write these principles of basic human dignity
into the book of law.” The Senate has passed the bill, but the Republican-led
House has not indicated any plans to take up the legislation. He also noted
the work Apple does to make its products accessible to those with
disabilities, sharing the story of a single mom with an autistic child who was
completely nonverbal and spoke his first words thanks to an iPad. The full
speech is about 13 minutes, and well worth a watch: Return to: Hear How
Witnessing a Cross-Burning as a Child Motivated Apple CEO Tim Cook to Fight
for Equality (Video) URL: http://allthingsd.com/20131214/hear-how-witnessing-
a-cross-burning-as-a-child-motivated-apple-ceo-tim-cook-to-fight-for-equality-
video/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal | © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.