WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Yang to Employees: Think of
the Angry Mob Outside as a Fan Club May 16, 2008 at 9:48 am PT Tweet Share
Print The only difference between Yahoo (YHOO) CEO Jerry Yang’s latest all-
hands memo and the last one he broadcast is that “Carl Icahn” has been
substituted for “Microsoft” (MSFT). Other than that, it’s another tired
restatement of the capitalization-free “try not to get too preoccupied with
the ongoing assault on our company” missives that Yang has issued at least
twice before. Anyway, here it is in all its keep-your-head- in-the-sand glory.
yahoos, today carl icahn announced his intent to nominate a slate of 10
directors to take control of our board of directors at this year’s annual
meeting. we sent him a letter in response, which we made public in a press
release. i’m attaching a copy of that press release, including the full text
of our letter, and you should read it carefully. we always want to hear the
views of our stockholders, but you should know that mr. icahn’s letter
reflects a significant misunderstanding of the facts about the microsoft
proposal and the diligence with which our board evaluated and responded to
that proposal. we believe our board has the independence, knowledge,
experience and commitment to maximize value for all of our stockholders. yahoo
is a great company with a truly unique set of highly valuable assets that is
growing, profitable and executing well on its strategic plan to enhance our
leadership position in online advertising. our solid results for the first
quarter of 2008 are a testament to this. today’s events will undoubtedly draw
a lot of media attention and there will be lots of speculation about what
happens next for yahoo. i ask all of you to put aside the rumors and
speculation and stay focused on the business at hand and what we do best —
transforming the online experiences of our users, advertisers, publishers and
developers. i know you all have a lot of questions and so i’ve also attached
some faqs that will address some of your questions. as we’ve said before we’ll
do our best to continue to update you as new information becomes available.
thank you again for your continued hard work as we work together to make yahoo
a stronger leader in the online marketplace and an even better company. jerry
FAQ Can stockholders nominate directors to the board?Stockholders, as equity
owners of the Company, have the ability to nominate one or more directors for
election to a board at the Company’s annual meeting as long as they comply
with the requirements contained in our bylaws. Under our bylaws, today was the
last day that a stockholder could nominate a candidate for director. How long
will all this take? We can’t speculate on how events will develop at this
time, but we plan to hold our annual meeting in a couple of months. I’d ask
all of you to stay focused on the business at hand and what we do best —
transforming the experiences of our users, advertisers, publishers and
developers, all while enhancing our leadership position in the online
marketplace. What’s our next step?We will file preliminary proxy materials
with the SEC that will describe the matters to be voted on, including the
Company’s nominees for election to the board, and the board’s recommendation.
Once those materials are cleared by the SEC, we will mail them to our
stockholders. In the meantime, we should remain focused on doing what we do
best — transforming the experiences of our users, advertisers, publishers and
developers, all while enhancing our leadership position in the online
marketplace. We will continue to update you as information becomes available
but please remember that we are subject to various legal restrictions on what
we can say and when we can say it. What can employees do?We ask you to
continue to put aside all rumors and speculation you may be hearing. None of
us should allow external reports to shift our focus away from doing what we do
best — transforming the experiences of our users, advertisers, publishers and
developers, all while enhancing our leadership position in the online
marketplace. Tagged with: Carl Icahn, directors, employees, Jerry Yang, John
Paczkowski, legal, memo, Microsoft, online, SEC, Slate, stockholders, Yahoo
Late Start May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013
at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a
Good Year for Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls
Latest Twitter for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim
Cook Made $4.25 Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There’s a lot of
attention and PR around Marissa, but their product lineup just kind of blows.—
Om Malik on Bloomberg TV, talking about Yahoo, the September issue of Vogue
Magazine, and our overdependence on Google AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg
Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz
Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version