WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello arrivals departures feature 292 posts and columns on arrivals
departures feature All Writers Kara Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey Nokia’s Camera
Guru Quits John Paczkowski in Mobile on November 23, 2012 at 1:06 pm PT A
“personal decision.” News Byte Siri Co-Founder Adam Cheyer Left Apple in June
John Paczkowski in News on September 11, 2012 at 4:37 pm PT Another former
Siri executive has left Apple. Adam Cheyer, who co-founded the voice
recognition software company prior to its acquisition by Apple in 2008, has
left the iPhone maker. Sources in position to know tell AllThingsD that Cheyer
resigned back in June to pursue other projects. Cheyer is the second Siri
executive to leave Apple in the past year, following CEO Dag Kittlaus, who
left in October of 2011. News of Cheyer’s departure was first reported by
Bloomberg. Apple declined comment. RealNetworks Fast-Forwards Through Yet
Another CEO — Its First One John Paczkowski in News on July 3, 2012 at 2:23 pm
PT The one-time Seattle tech star brings back its founder. Apple Hardware SVP
Bob Mansfield to Retire John Paczkowski in News on June 28, 2012 at 3:15 pm PT
Bob Mansfield, Apple’s senior vice president of Hardware Engineering, is
retiring. The company’s top accounting executive is also leaving. Pascal Cagni
to Apple: Adieu, Adieu, to Yieu and Yieu and Yieu John Paczkowski in News on
May 24, 2012 at 3:30 pm PT Pascal Cagni leaves Apple after a 12 year stint as
VP and general manager of its European operations. News Byte Microsoft Swaps
in New China Boss John Paczkowski in News on April 13, 2012 at 4:08 pm PT A
notable change of leadership at Microsoft’s operations in China. The company
said Friday that Simon Leung, who has been chairman and CEO of Microsoft
Greater China since 2008, has stepped down for personal and family reasons. He
will be succeeded by Ralph Haupter, the current VP of Microsoft Germany and a
seven-year veteran of the company. Leung’s stint at Microsoft will conclude at
the end of the month, though he will serve as an adviser to the company until
August. Exclusive: Another Longtime Yahoo Ad Sales Dude–This Time, Frank
Weishaupt–Departs Kara Swisher in Media on May 12, 2011 at 10:04 am PT Frank
Weishaupt, an 11-year Yahoo advertising veteran and one of its top sales
execs, is leaving the Silicon Valley Internet giant. Unlike several other
recent departures, where high-ranking execs left for jobs at hot start-ups
such as Zynga, Groupon and LivingSocial, Weishaupt has no immediate plans to
join another company. News Byte Nintendo of America Appoints New Head of Sales
and Marketing Tricia Duryee in Commerce on May 9, 2011 at 1:03 pm PT Nintendo
of America has appointed Soctt Moffitt to the position of EVP of sales and
marketing. Effective immediately, Moffitt will work from Nintendo’s office in
Redwood City, Calif., and report to Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-
Aime. Previously, Moffitt was SVP and general manager for Henkel Consumer
Goods’ personal care division, where he oversaw North American operations for
brands such as Dial, Right Guard, Tone and Pure & Natural. Moffitt replaces
Cammie Dunaway, who left the company more than a year ago. It's Exclusive
Internal Memo Time: Juniper's David Yen Heads to Cisco to Run Servers Business
Kara Swisher in Enterprise on May 9, 2011 at 9:31 am PT According to an
internal memo from Juniper Networks, which you can see below, one of its top
tech execs, David Yen, is departing immediately. Sources said Yen is headed to
Cisco to run its servers business. The impetus for Yen’s departure might have
been formation of the Platform Systems Group, run by Stefan Dyckerhoff, which
is prominently mentioned in the memo from Juniper CEO Kevin Johnson and after
the jump. Yahoo Keeps Up Hiring–Rob Barrett Named as Head of News and Finance
Kara Swisher in Media on May 9, 2011 at 8:27 am PT Yahoo is on a bit of a
hiring spree, picking up longtime Internet exec Robertson Barrett, to run its
critical and powerful News and Finance sites. Barrett has held top positions
at Tribune Interactive, Time Inc., ABC News, Primedia’s Channel One
Interactive and The Feedroom. Barrett worked most recently as chief strategy
officer of Perfect Market, a Comcast-backed start-up. Hold the Sports Phone:
Ross Levinsohn Not Leaving Yahoo for HBO Kara Swisher in News, May 6, 2011 at
11:45 am PT Exclusive: OpenTable CEO Jordan Likely to Head to Silicon Valley
VC Firm Andreessen Horowitz Kara Swisher in News, May 3, 2011 at 10:28 pm PT
Exclusive: Yahoo Nabs Jai Singh From AOL's HuffPo as Editor-in-Chief Kara
Swisher in Media, May 2, 2011 at 7:28 pm PT Google Confirms That Groupon COO
Will Be Google's Margo Georgiadis Kara Swisher in News, April 21, 2011 at
11:14 am PT Yahoo Focuses on Tentpole Events With New Head Kara Swisher in
News, April 20, 2011 at 7:11 am PT Acer Gets New President, Tablet Division
John Paczkowski in News, April 19, 2011 at 7:30 am PT Hogan Out as HP
Enterprise Sales VP; Jan Zadak In Arik Hesseldahl in Enterprise, April 18,
2011 at 3:01 pm PT Apple Poaches Microsoft's Datacenter GM John Paczkowski in
News, April 14, 2011 at 10:45 am PT Exclusive: Yahoo Loses M&A; Head to Zynga
Kara Swisher in News, April 7, 2011 at 10:34 am PT Former Yahoo, AOL, HuffPo
Sales Dude Greg Coleman Lands Again Kara Swisher in News, April 7, 2011 at
6:00 am PT Former AOL Media Exec Marty Moe to Join Engadget Gang of Eight at
SB Nation Kara Swisher in News, April 6, 2011 at 8:49 am PT Product Chief
Jonathan Rosenberg to Leave Google John Paczkowski in News, April 4, 2011 at
2:56 pm PT FacePalm: HP Loses VP of Product Management for webOS to Numenta
John Paczkowski in News, April 4, 2011 at 12:24 pm PT Microsoft-Facebook Tiff
Over Ad Talent Raid Downgraded to "Disappointed" (With a Side of Settlement)
Kara Swisher in News, April 4, 2011 at 10:14 am PT AOL Confirms Tim Stevens as
New Engadget Editor in Chief Kara Swisher in News, April 4, 2011 at 7:08 am PT
Page 1 of 1212345Next...Last AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version