WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Carl Icahn Says He Will Add to His Bid on Dell
Tomorrow July 11, 2013 at 1:23 pm PT Tweet Share Print Activist investor Carl
Icahn will be increasing his bid on the computer maker Dell tomorrow morning.
Speaking on Bloomberg TV moments ago, Icahn said that he will be adding
warrants to his $14 per-share bid for 72 percent of the company’s shares. He
didn’t go into details, but said a new offer would be made to Dell
shareholders on Friday morning. Warrants would give shareholders the future
right to purchase additional shares of the company under certain conditions.
The way I understand it, Icahn would proceed with his tender offer to buy up
the majority of the company’s shares, then shareholders who take advantage of
it would have a right to buy shares at some future date. He said the warrants
would be for rights to purchase the shares at a price of $20. Further details,
obviously, are forthcoming tomorrow. “We think our bid is superior, but we’re
going to add to it,” Icahn said during a roughly 20-minute interview during
which he was speaking by phone. On its face it looks like Icahn is making his
offer more complex rather than simpler. In theory, as a Dell shareholder, you
could sell some of your shares to Icahn at $14 a share, hold on to some of
them and reap the benefits if the company turns around for the better on his
watch — and presumably with at least some of his preferred board. Now there’s
a third piece with these warrants, which will basically give shareholders who
participate the right to shares at a later date, and then the right to sell
them at a specified price or by a certain date later in the future. Dell
shares rose slight in after-hours trading. As of 4:30 PM ET, the shares are at
$13.44, up nine cents, or a little less than one percent. It was Icahn’s
second move on Dell today. Earlier he published an open letter to Dell
shareholders, urging them to take their appraisal rights allowed under
Delaware law in the event that a $24.4 billion leveraged buyout offered by CEO
Michael Dell and the private equity firm Silver Lake is approved. Those rights
allow shareholders to ask a judge after the fact to determine the valuation of
the company if they oppose a merger or other deal. Tagged with: Carl Icahn,
Dell, Michael Dell, Silver Lake Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone
Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version