WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Invasion of the Market Share
Snatchers: BlackBerry Losing Share to Android? May 12, 2010 at 8:29 am PT
Tweet Share Print Research in Motion’s BlackBerry is the leading smartphone
brand in the United States thanks to its vast core demographic of enterprise
power users. But as the smartphone evolves into the standard for the broader
consumer market, RIM (RIMM) may see that lead eroded by rivals with sexier
devices. In a research note to clients today, Piper Jaffray analyst T. Michael
Walkley says his checks this month and last suggest the BlackBerry is losing
momentum at the country’s largest wireless carriers, mostly to handsets
running Google’s (GOOG) Android OS. “While BlackBerry remains a leading
smartphone brand, our checks indicate potential sell-through share losses at
AT&T;, Verizon, and T-Mobile,” Walkley writes. “In fact, we believe the Bold
9700 continued to lose smartphone share at AT&T; following a price increase
last month to $199.” There’s worse. “In addition, our checks indicated further
share losses to Android products at T-Mobile and Verizon. At Verizon, our
checks indicated slowing RIM sales, as sales managers continue to push Android
products such as the HTC Incredible and Motorola Droid. At T-Mobile, our
checks indicate weaker BlackBerry sales due to strong sales of Android
products such as the HTC MyTouch and the Windows based HTC HD2.” But RIM’s
situation isn’t dire. RIM is one of the five largest mobile phone
manufacturers in the world and it makes only smartphones. Still, these market
trends are worth keeping an eye on, particularly the likely arrival of a new
iPhone at AT&T; (T) this summer and a handful of slick new Android smartphones
at Verizon (VZ). While the new Blackberry Bold 9650 and the Pearl 3G might
fend off those devices in the enterprise market relatively easily, they’re
likely to have a harder time of it in the consumer market. Tagged with:
Android, Android Feature, Android OS, AT&T;, BlackBerry, BlackBerry Feature,
Bold 9650, Bold 9700, brand, carrier, consumer market, digital, Droid, Google,
handset, hardware, HTC, HTC HD2, HTC Incredible, iPhone, John Paczkowski,
manufacturer, Motorola, myTouch, Pearl 3G, Piper Jaffray, power user, price,
Research In Motion, RIM, sales, sell-through, share, smartphone, T-Mobile, T.
Michael Walkley, telecom, trends, United States, Verizon, wireless Late Start
May Be Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am
PT Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for
Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter
for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25
Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version