Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - Customer Success Success Stories Reviews Services
Better Forecasting and Analytics Boosts Profit Margins in Competitive Mobile
Accessories Market Critical real-time visibility into product costs and more
accurate sales forecasts saves millions of dollars English, British – ANZ
English, British – UK We are better able to manage expenses with Adaptive
Insights and improve our margins. In the first year we saved $8 million,
simply by fixing freight issues. Jason Bingham, Manager, Financial Planning
and Analysis Despite high demand for its mobile accessories, a lack of mature
forecasting processes caused ZAGG to miss guidance estimates and incur high
costs. By transforming into a data-driven organization powered by the Adaptive
Insights Business Planning Cloud, ZAGG now has the analytics and insights it
needs to understand key business drivers and develop accurate product
forecasts. Real-time visibility into KPIs lets business leaders better plan
manufacturing and distribution costs while significantly shortening financial
reporting timelines. Challenges Inaccurate demand forecasts resulted in
unexpected freight expensesNeeded to accurately analyze the effect of
discounts and pricing on profit marginDisconnected sales, ERP and CRM systems
Results Accurate rolling 12-month sales forecasts results in $8 million cost
savings from reduced freight chargesAccurate visibility into manufacturing and
distribution costs yields profit margin increase across company’s entire
product portfolioMonthly reporting automation saves 24 days of manual report
building each year About: ZAGG is a publicly traded company that creates best-
in-class accessories that protect and enhance mobile devices for consumers
around the globe. The company offers a broad range of products, from the No. 1
selling industry-standard InvisibleShield® screen protectors and mobile
keyboards, to power management solutions, mobile audio, and cases. Location:
Salt Lake City, UT Industry: Manufacturing Boost your profit margin with CPM
solutions. Try Adaptive Insights free for 30 days.Free Trial In today's fast-
paced, always-connected world, consumers love their mobile phones and tablets,
and they're very willing to spend money on accessories to protect and enhance
their on-the-go devices. But excelling in the competitive mobile accessories
arena demands a clear understanding of costs, because even the most popular
product can reduce profit margins if the right pricing terms aren't negotiated
with sales outlets. Improving profit margins requires strategic FP&A; to cost-
effectively develop new products and minimize worldwide distribution costs
across every sales channel. Without this step, there is risk of developing
products in high demand and still incurring huge, unexpected freight expenses
when demand is not forecasted correctly. ZAGG Manager of FP&A; Jason Bingham
clearly understands these financial issues and the benefits of having a
modern, data-driven FP&A; system. Using the Adaptive Insights Business
Planning Cloud, the finance team and leaders across the entire company are
provided with the analytics and insights needed to deliver a deeper
understanding of key business drivers and nimbly navigate market changes, all
while developing the mobile accessories consumers want. "The finance team is
part of strategic meetings in every department because finance touches all
aspects of the business, from reviewing sales contracts to helping manage
product life cycles," said Bingham. "It's critical to have strategic
visibility to understand what impacts product costs and margins." ZAGG's
deployment of Adaptive Insights enables users to do rolling 12-month sales
forecasts to understand revenue projections and more accurately plan
manufacturing and distribution costs. They can do weekly sales forecasts by
individual SKU to calculate the cost of goods sold, analyze actual sales to
see what products are moving well, and report on profitability. It's also easy
to run what-if scenarios and generate ad hoc reports. "The system has more
than paid for itself and helped us improve the business. It all comes down to
profit margins," said Bingham. "In the last year, margins have gone up almost
5% across the company's entire product portfolio, translating to a positive
impact of $10 million." ZAGG develops strategies to become a data-driven
organization When Bingham joined ZAGG four years ago, the publicly held
company had few mature forecasting, budgeting, and reporting processes in
place. While the sales staff did some sales forecasting, too often product
demand forecasts were off. This required products to be shipped overnight from
China, hurting profit margins. It was also difficult to accurately analyze how
customer discounts and wholesale pricing impacted overall profit margin. The
year Bingham joined ZAGG, the company missed its guidance estimates of net
sales by 33%. "We were over $100 million off in our estimates," said Bingham.
"So it was decided finance should take over forecasting and create standard
financial processes." These key developments helped ZAGG transform into an
organization focused on harnessing data insights and strategic analysis to
more cost-effectively develop and distribute products. Another critical
component was the decision to implement the Adaptive Insights Business
Planning Cloud with connectors that bring in data from ZAGG's enterprise
resource planning and customer relationship management systems. Now, Bingham
and his team have easy and fast access to a centralized and complete data
repository for accurate forecasting, planning, and reporting, yielding huge
benefits for ZAGG. Improved financial forecasts lead to bigger profits From
the start, the new system made it much easier for Bingham and his team to
strategically analyze data to identify areas for improvement. Goal No. 1?
Fixing product supply issues to reduce expenses. Using Adaptive Insights,
Bingham and his staff developed accurate product forecasting and improved
visibility into the product ordering process. Today, staff members are more
educated about freight costs, and because they have increased visibility of
consumer demand and sales projections, they are able to order the right
products with enough lead time to be delivered via less costly ocean freight
compared to overnight air freight. "We are better able to manage expenses with
Adaptive Insights and improve our margins," said Bingham. "In the first year
we saved $8 million, simply by fixing freight issues." In the past, sales
executives would come to a meeting with revised sales numbers, and Bingham had
to track down why a number had changed. Now, since all departments are on the
same system, everyone has accurate and real-time visibilityinto the same
information. As a result, sales staff take more responsibility for forecasting
accuracy, in both rolling 12-month forecasts and weekly sales forecasts. Real-
time visibility yields better insights Another big benefit to ZAGG's modern
FP&A; system is that leaders can use dashboards to visualize how KPIs are
performing on a continuous basis to improve decision-making. For example,
sales managers can see the impact of sales discounts and identify top-selling
products, while product managers can track actuals versus variances to
forecasts to determine which products are doing well and even which colors are
most in demand. And because executives have access to information more
quickly, they can make course corrections to circumvent potential product
distribution issues or determine if margins are going to meet expected
targets. Bingham and his staff also enjoy using OfficeConnect for reporting
because it has significantly shortened financial reporting timelines. Each
month, the finance staff needs to generate several reports for each major
account and each product category. With Adaptive Insights, ZAGG is saving a
full day's work of two people every month, averaging a savings of 24 days of
reporting work over a year. "With Adaptive Insights, my role is much more
strategic. My team and I spend more time helping drive decisions rather than
building reports," Bingham said. "It's a huge benefit to be able to really
contribute to the success of the company." With Adaptive Insights, my role is
much more strategic. My team and I spend more time helping drive decisions
rather than building reports. It’s a huge benefit to be able to really
contribute to the success of the company. Jason Bingham, Manager, Financial
Planning and Analysis See Adaptive Insights in action. Watch an online
demo.Watch a Demo Watch Demo Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning
Cloudfor Finance for Sales Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col
2SolutionsChallenges Need Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer
SuccessSuccess Stories Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training &
Education Customer Success Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO
Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts
White Papers Footer Menu Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu
Col 6AboutOur Company Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin
twitter youtube blog ©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy
Policy 800.303.6346 Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA
94303 ×Close