WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Katherine Boehret ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @kabster728
The Digital Solution > Cameras Digital Cameras Improve Zooms, HD Function
November 9, 2010 at 2:26 pm PT Tweet Share Print See More Reviews » With
Thanksgiving fast approaching, so, too, comes the start of the holiday
shopping mayhem. Once again, digital cameras are rocketing to the top of wish
lists, and once again, shoppers are tentatively entering electronics stores
with bewildered looks on their faces. To alleviate some of that shopping
stress, I’ve compiled a buyer’s guide for different camera categories with
prices and pointers to innovation. This year, manufacturers have improved
photo-location tagging and are offering artistic photo alteration and clever
ways to label images for future sharing on social networks. Let’s Get Physical
Consumers are starting to understand that better sensors make it possible to
do things like taking photos in low light, which can really make a difference
in photo quality. Some high-quality sensors are making their way into
affordable models, like the CMOS sensor in Nikon’s $300 Coolpix S8100. High
megapixel counts aren’t overly important, though more megapixels per photo
still make it easier to zoom in while editing and give higher resolution in a
larger photo or poster. A 14-megapixel camera like the Olympus FE-47 costs
just $100, but a recent Consumer Reports review gave it low marks in handling
shake and liquid-crystal-display screen quality. Optical zoom, or the
physically manipulated distance between the camera and a subject, is still
more important than digital zoom, and it’s easy to find many models with 7x
optical zoom or better. LCD screens on digicams are so large that they leave
little room for optical viewfinders, thus making built-in image stabilization
all the more important. Image stabilization comes on nearly all new cameras.
And more digicams than ever are capable of recording high-definition videos.
Breaking It Down Digital cameras can be divided into four broad categories:
pocket-size, point-and-shoot, super- or mega-zooms and digital single-lens
reflexes (D-SLRs). I’ll leave SLRs out of the discussion, since they’re still
primarily aimed at hobbyists who don’t mind the cost and effort of buying
additional lenses, filters, flashes and other accessories. Most pocket-size
digital cameras cost between $100 and $300, weigh no more than seven ounces
and lack optical viewfinders, forcing users to look at LCD screens to compose
pictures. Most of these LCD viewing screens measure between 2.6 inches and 3.5
inches diagonally. Samsung, however, has an even bigger touch-screen LCD, at
3.7 inches, on its CL80 camera priced at $350. These small but powerful
machines capture images with 10, 12 or 14 megapixels and their optical zoom
lenses usually range from 3x to 7x, though a handful of manufacturers are
boosting their cameras’ optical zooms. The $170 Casio Exilim EX-H5, for
example, is equipped with a 10x optical zoom lens. Today’s point-and-shoot
digital cameras are sleeker and more stylish than they used to be, though they
remain somewhat bulkier than their pocket-size relatives. The point-and-shoot
size can allow for better optical zoom lenses, and these models sometimes cost
less than the pocket sizes. The $300 Canon PowerShot SX210 IS and $280
Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS5 are equipped with 14x and 12x optical zoom lenses,
respectively. Super-zoom or mega-zoom digital cameras satisfy people who want
the power of a great zoom and optional manual settings without the hassle and
expense of an SLR. At a glance, you might mistake these models for SLRs due to
their bulkier bodies, and, in some cases, detachable (or hot-shoe) flashes.
Nikon’s $400 Coolpix P100 offers a 26x wide-angle optical zoom, and Olympus’s
$350 SP-800UZ is the smallest camera with a 30x wide-angle optical zoom. Both
cameras have built-in flashes, but the Nikon includes an optical viewfinder
while the Olympus offers only an LCD screen for viewing and capturing photos.
Shaking It Up Camera manufacturers are adding creative new features to these
devices. Starting the week of Thanksgiving, Casio will provide Hybrid GPS on
its $350 EX-H20G, which geotags (adds digital location information to) images
indoors where GPS satellite signals can’t reach. This works using a combined
GPS radio and motion sensor to measure the direction in which the camera has
moved, and how fast. When you’re back in satellite range, the camera corrects
the geotag by cross-referencing its own estimates with satellite-provided
latitude and longitude. Olympus now has art filters, which let you view your
subject with special effects before capturing the photo. Some filters supply
gentle sepia, soft focus or grainy film. There is also a drawing filter, which
makes a subject instantly appear as a sketch. Samsung’s $150 PL90 model has a
pop-out USB arm that reminds me a lot of the pop-out USB connector on Cisco’s
popular Flip camcorders. Samsung’s USB arm eliminates the need for messy
wires, or the removal of a memory card to transfer photos from a digicam to a
PC. Many cameras have and continue to supply guides that appear on screen as a
photo is being captured. Sony’s NEX-5 offers this, and the Olympus Live Guide
let you preview photo adjustments—like brightness or color saturation—on the
screen as you make them. Nikon’s Scene Auto Selector, found in the Coolpix
P7000, Coolpix S8100 and Coolpix S80, will automatically adjust the camera’s
settings so users can stop worrying about scrolling through menus to select
the right scene from a list. Fujifilm offers the only true (not simulated)
three-dimensional digital camera in its $500 FinePix REAL 3D W3, which I
reviewed in August. These 3D images can be seen through the camera’s LCD
viewing screen but not on laptops or television sets unless they’re 3D-capable
and you’re wearing 3D glasses. Kodak is trying to encourage sharing with its
cameras by including a Share button that, when pressed, digitally tags images
and videos with labels for Facebook, Flickr, YouTube, Kodak Gallery or email,
then automatically sends the photos to those places when you next plug the
camera into a PC. One last warning: Don’t be seduced by lower prices or better
technology alone. Be sure you try a camera in the store before buying it. The
way it feels or works for you is just as important as any technological
specification. Email Katherine Boehret at mossbergsolution@wsj.com. Edited by
Walter S. Mossberg Tagged with accessories, art, buyer, camcorder, cameras,
Canon, card, Casio, Cisco, CMOS, Consumer Reports, Coolpix, Coolpix S8100,
cost, digicam, digital, digital cameras, DMC-ZS5, EX-H5, Exilim, FE-47,
filters, flashes, Flip, Fujifilm, geotag, GPS, guide, hardware, high-
definition, hobbyist, holiday, Holiday Product Roundup, hybrid, innovation,
Kodak, LCD, lenses, Lumix, mega, megapixel, megapixels, memory, model, Nikon,
Olympus, optical, P100, Panasonic, PC, photo, PL90, pocket size, point-and-
shoot, PowerShot, resolution, Samsung, sensors, sepia, shopping, SLR, Sony,
SP-800UZ, super, SX210 IS, touch screen, touchscreen, USB, video, viewfinders,
wires, zoom You’ve Come a Long Way, Silicon Valley December 17, 2013 at 3:47
pm PT Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
December 10, 2013 at 3:15 pm PT Oh, the Places Your Phone Will Find December
03, 2013 at 3:14 pm PT Xbox One: Digital Home Base for the Living Room
November 26, 2013 at 3:25 pm PT An iPad That’s Mini in Screen Size Only
November 19, 2013 at 3:06 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD
contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The
Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
subsection&query;=Mossberg+Solution Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides
Desktop PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras
Improve Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and
We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion
of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version