Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login 7 Holiday Trends to Help Your
Creative Shine This Season Reading Time: 5 Minutes From August to November,
advertisers in every industry are ramping up for the holidays, preparing to
reach shoppers and spenders in what is predicted to be a $1.3 trillion retail
season. On top of retail there are holiday opportunities for entertainment,
travel, automotive, even food and beverage brands, and it all starts with the
creative. This season we’ll see marketers and customers alike leaning toward
unique holiday color palettes, comforting and nostalgic visuals, subtle
animations, and more. Read on for 7 key holiday creative trends. 1\. Making
New Traditions Photo © Beatriz Perez Moya Millennial audiences – which account
for 34% of holiday shoppers – are now in their 20s and mid to late-30s.
Although we often hear how millennials are taking longer to have kids, nearly
half of the generation has at least one child and millennial parents account
for 82% of births each year. As young parents start their own families,
they’re looking for ways to reinvent the holiday season, connecting the
traditions they grew up with and celebrations that are unique to their new
family unit. See More: 10 Social Ad Strategies for Thanksgiving Weekend Brands
will provide value to this audience by helping them make new traditions,
relating relevant products to family experiences. A food brand can share the
season’s top recipe and encourage families to bake together on the Winter
Solstice. Your ecommerce brand might offer DIY guides for seasonal crafts and
games, bringing families closer and associating your brand with holiday
happiness. Or if you’re an entertainment brand, you can showcase the joy that
comes with annual Thanksgiving day movies, family binge-watching, or a local
winter attraction. Ideas for new holiday experiences are invaluable to the
millennial audience, and they’ll appreciate the brands that help shape their
family traditions. 2\. Redefining ‘Christmas Colors’ Red and green will always
dominate the holiday season, but new palettes are emerging, bringing variety
and a modern touch to holiday advertising. In past years brands have branched
out while keeping it safe with gold, white, and blue. This year we expect to
see colors like lavender, dusky orange, and even bright pink find their way
into holiday campaigns. Try these 3 non-traditional palettes to help your
marketing creative stand out this season: This palette maintains the warm /
cool balance present in the traditional red and green holiday color scheme,
trading bright red for two magenta hues and opting for pale sage green, green-
gray, and a navy shade in place of forest green. Use this color scheme if your
brand is playful and modern, or if you’re trying to reach young families who
celebrate in unique, non-traditional ways. Here we pair bright, energetic
greens with cream and gray hues – reminiscent of clouded, snowy landscapes –
with a hint of purple to draw the eye. This palette is best for brands who
want to help their audiences feel calm and relaxed this holiday season. Trade
your traditional tranquil blues for a color scheme that offers a bit more
cozy, holiday feel. Embrace the rustic familiarity of winter with these
neutral hues, all of which can be found in nature. This color scheme will
evoke feelings of home and family, reminding audiences about what really
matters this holiday. Use this palette to connect with customers who will be
traveling to see family this holiday and with older generations looking to
feel nostalgic. 3\. Vertical Video It’s no surprise that vertical video, which
continues to grow in popularity and adoption, is a top creative trend this
holiday season. Early research shows that vertical video provides a 3x return
for advertisers over horizontal video, making it a key format for marketers
all year round. Brands will reinvent their holiday campaigns this season,
shooting mobile-first vertical video or transforming TV creative to feel more
native on social platforms. Less than 30% of people turn their phone to view
horizontal video ads, and when they do, they only watch 14% of the ad. Give
your creative its best chance to succeed this holiday season with vertical
video and formats that are optimized with mobile in mind. Vertical video opens
up a whole new range of possibilities, giving your team new real estate to
play with and the opportunity to be clever and creative with your marketing.
There’s no better time to start testing than with your upcoming holiday
campaigns. 4\. Down Home Charm Glitz and glamour give way this holiday season
to authentic, rustic images featuring cozy sweaters, pine cones, and quirky
hot cocoa mugs. Leave the glitter behind in favor of muted images that make
your customers feel comfortable and nostalgic. Photo © Daiga Ellaby Photo ©
Jennifer Pallian This trend comes in part from millennial audiences and their
desire for diverse, non-traditional holiday creative. Rather than choosing
secular imagery or struggling to represent every holiday at once, brands
should focus on what the season means to consumers. This means showcasing
themes like love, family, and comfort that resonate no matter a customer’s
age, location, or religion. Rustic images are also aspirational for consumers,
giving them a feeling of wanderlust. They want to be that comfortable. They
want to eat that delicious sugar cookie. They want to explore that snowy
forest wonderland. It’s especially valuable for ecommerce, retail, and travel
brands to evoke that sense of desire from consumers this holiday season. 5\.
Unusual Shades of Red & Green Even as marketers explore new holiday color
palettes, red and green continue to reign supreme. This year we’ll see the
usual red and green shades give way to a selection of new hues, from a dark
burgundy red to a bright, springtime green inspired by Pantone’s 2017 Color of
the Year, Greenery. Transform your creative by playing with different hues in
the traditional holiday color palette, bringing in darker red and greens for a
more comforting feel, or brighter versions for a more playful, youthful take.
Pair them with neutral grays and tans for a holiday pop in your creative.
Photo © Alisa Anton Photo © Ellie Lord 6\. Subtle Animations Sometimes photos
feel too rigid, while videos take too much time to consume. Advertisers have
found a unique middle-ground this holiday season with gifs, cinemagraphs, and
looping videos, bringing a hint of movement to the social ad experience. Use a
subtle, eye-catching animation – like this festive, slightly strange email
campaign Virgin Hotels debuted last year – to add some quirk to your holiday
campaigns. This style has long been used in email, but this year we’ll see
subtle animations helping advertisers stand out in shoppers’ social feeds too.
7\. Platform-Specific Creative Authenticity continues to be one of the top
trends in marketing creative, and with that comes the need for brands to be
authentic on every platform. As marketers scale their campaigns this holiday
season, we’ll see creative that looks a little bit different from one platform
to the next. In a recent Adaptly campaign, our retail advertisers found that a
little bit of overlay is best on Facebook, but it doesn’t work as well on
Instagram. They were also better off using one image on Instagram, while
multiple images – like in the Carousel or Canvas ad formats – were best for
Facebook. Knowing what works on each platform, and adapting your creative
accordingly, is the best way to engage and delight your customers this
holiday. Get help with your holiday campaigns & optimize creative with
Adaptly. Contact us now and ask about Creative Lab >> A version of this
article first appeared on Internet Retailer. Sarah Maloy Director of Marketing
Sarah Maloy is a former journalist specializing in branding, social media, and
content marketing. Before joining Adaptly, she managed social and digital
marketing strategies for brands like Fuse, Shutterstock, and Billboard. Follow
her on Twitter at @smaloy. Office New York Share Categories Blog Back To Blog
> Fill out form to access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable
Today Contact Us Keep up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No
spam, we promise. Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries
contactus@adaptly.com 212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com
New York 386 Park Ave South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20
Procter Street London, WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago,
IL 60654 Los Angeles 1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San
Francisco 981 Mission Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226 Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy
Contact