WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Downloading Email at Work
and Home October 13, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s no other
major item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable and unreliable
as our personal computers. Everybody has questions about them, and we aim to
help. Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received recently from
people like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the questions a
bit, for readability. This week my mailbox contained questions about
downloading email to both home and work computers, the differences in Treo
models and transferring files between Windows systems. If you have a question,
send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com, and I may select it to be answered here in
Mossberg’s Mailbox. I want to download all my daily emails to both my home and
office computers, which are both Dells. I am told that, in order to achieve
this, I have to instruct my email program to keep my email on the server. How
do I do that? With most corporate email systems, and with a type of consumer
email called “IMAP,” email is synchronized among your computers. But many home
users have a type of email called “POP,” which isn’t synchronized. To get the
same email messages on multiple machines, POP users have to instruct the email
software on each computer not to delete messages from the remote server when
they’re downloaded to one of the PCs. That way, they remain available for
downloading onto your other PCs. This is generally accomplished by turning on
an option in the settings for your email account, which can be a convoluted
process. In Microsoft Outlook 2003, go to the Tools menu, select Email
Accounts, then pick “View or Change Existing E-mail Accounts.” Select the
account you want, click Change, then, in the next window, click More Settings.
In the next window, select the Advanced tab and click in the checkbox called
“Leave a copy of messages on the server.” Then click OK, then Next, and
Finish, in the windows that follow. Whew. In Outlook Express 6, it’s a little
easier, but not much. On the Tools menu, select Accounts, then Mail, then the
account name you want. Click on Properties, then select the Advanced tab.
Check the box next to “Leave a copy of messages on server.” Then click OK, OK
and Close. Both programs allow you to set a number of days for the messages to
stay on the server. I recommend setting that to 1 or 2, which is long enough
so they’ll be downloaded to all your PCs, but short enough so your mailbox on
the server won’t exceed its limits. I also suggest clicking an option that
does delete from the server any messages you actually delete on any of your
PCs. You’re not likely to want to see those everywhere. Since the Treo 600 is
much cheaper than the newer Treo 650, I am considering getting a 600 instead
of a 650. What will I be missing if I do so? The two models are very similar
in their look and feel and their core functionality. The key differences are
that the 650 has a much better screen, a removable battery, a slightly better
keyboard and a better (but still not great) built-in camera. It also has
Bluetooth wireless networking, and it is built much better, because Palm is
using a different contractor to assemble the 650 than the one it used for the
600, which was plagued by quality complaints. I am about to buy a new computer
running XP Pro. I want to selectively transfer some, but not all, files from
my old Windows 98SE computer over a cable. What is the best program for the
job? I generally recommend IntelliMover by Detto, at www.detto.com. Note,
however, that IntelliMover won’t move application programs — only files, like
Microsoft Office documents, pictures, songs, etc. If you want to move
programs, try Alohabob PC Relocator, at www.alohabob.com. * * * Because of the
volume of e-mail I receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by
e-mail, or consult on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all
questions I receive and select three each week to answer in the column. Write
to Walter S. Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with Alohabob PC Relocator,
Bluetooth, Dell, download, email, IMAP, IntelliMover, Microsoft, Outlook,
Palm, PC, POP, server, synchronizing, Treo, Windows, XP Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version