WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Yahoo's Scott Moore Speaks! July 11, 2008 at 5:24
am PT Tweet Share Print Scott Moore, who runs the Yahoo Media Group, sat down
with BoomTown at the company’s Santa Monica headquarters last week, to talk
about the future direction of content at the company. While the Media unit has
had its ups and downs over the years about exactly what it should be–such as
the controversial Hollywood-esque Lloyd Braun strategy–one thing that Yahoo
(YHOO) has consistently done well is to aggregate and distribute its own and
others’ content. So well, in fact, that May’s comScore monthly unique visitor
numbers show that sites like Yahoo News (38.8 million), Sports (22.2 million),
Finance (18.5 million), Entertainment News (12.5 million), TV (15.3 million)
and Games (18.3 million) are the No. 1 destinations for their genres on the
Web. Overall, the media properties hit 70 million uniques monthly. That’s
probably a plus these days, given all the turmoil around the company in the
wake of the Microsoft (MSFT) takeover bid and the ensuing proxy fight
mess–coming to an annual meeting near Santa Clara soon!–with activist investor
Carl Icahn. The whole mess has thrown Yahoo’s future into question,
demoralized employees and given the company a decidedly sad-sack image, in
spite of all the powerful assets it has like its many media properties. Moore
(pictured here) came to Yahoo to work for Braun in mid-2005, after toiling for
many years at–wait for it–Microsoft, running MSNBC, Slate and MSN. (I met him
back when he was at Microsoft, in fact, where he tended more to suits and ties
and geeky glasses–and I have the picture to prove it–rather than his current
hipster SoCal look.) His portfolio grew when Braun’s other No. 2–Vince
Broady–was re-orged out of his job last December, giving Moore purview over
the whole Media Group. In Yahoo’s latest reorganization, Moore now reports to
U.S. head Hilary Schneider, in a move to better align its media and
advertising sales. Moore and his staff have tried a range of large and small
experiments in original content, some of which have worked and some of which
have not. Interestingly, Yahoo has not abandoned its original content effort
at all, doing newsy programming like political debates and even an online
interview with President George Bush. But the company seems to be settling
into a pattern best exemplified by its recently launched Tech Ticker, which is
a combination of Yahoo’s own inexpensively produced but well-done content and
videos and that of outside contributors (AllThingsD content is featured there,
for example). So, as part of our exciting new “Meet the Yahoos: Survivors
Edition” series, here’s a video where I chat with Moore about all that, ad
monetization and more: Tagged with: advertising, BoomTown, Carl Icahn,
content, digital, Hilary Schneider, Internet, Kara Swisher, Lloyd Braun,
Microsoft, monetization, MSNBC, Santa Clara, Santa Monica, Scott Moore, Slate,
takeover, Tech Ticker, video, Vince Broady, Yahoo, Yahoo Media Group You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D
Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013
at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher
Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even
Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT
The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and
Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I’m a giant vat of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining
Yahoo AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version