WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher MSN
Preps for Major Renovation, Focusing on Five Verticals, as It “Does Less
Better” July 17, 2009 at 3:54 pm PT Tweet Share Print The edging-ever-closer-
to-consummation deal talks with Yahoo about an online advertising and search
partnership and the aggressive marketing of its new Bing search service aren’t
the only things going on for Microsoft’s online services business these days.
MSN, Microsoft’s online portal, is also preparing a major redo of what U.S.
and, possibly, international consumers will see, as it doubles down on five
key content verticals, while cutting back on others. In a new focus that will
start to be apparent in the next month, MSN will heavily add to its News,
Sports, Finance, Lifestyle and Entertainment offerings, weaving more data from
Bing into the mix. “It’s a decision to make it so MSN does less better,” said
one source close to the situation. “So there will be a focus of attention on a
smaller number of categories in which we can be either #1 or #2 in, rather
than #4 or #5.” And despite big traffic, that has been the rank Microsoft
(MSFT) has achieved for a lot of its vertical categories. It competes against
the dominant Yahoo (YHOO) and also Time Warner (TWX) online unit AOL, as well
as a range of independent sites. The refurbishment is being led by Scott
Moore, the former Yahoo media exec who came back to Microsoft earlier this
year to help juice its prospects. That does not mean Microsoft is abandoning
noncompetitive arenas, such as tech, though. Instead, its offerings in those
verticals will be more automated, less original, using content from many
partners, and also will rely on mixing in shopping and data from Bing. “It is
not rip and replace,” said another source. “It is putting a lot of scale where
we can compete best and using technology tools to help elsewhere.” In fact,
the idea of linking content properties to search in a push-and-pull manner is
a strategy that both AOL and Yahoo have also been honing, especially since
their own highly trafficked sites are the prime ways they have grown search,
and vice versa, on content. Bing has taken a very interesting niche approach
to search, aiming to provide a richer experience in key verticals, like
entertainment and travel, in order to differentiate its offering from search
behemoth Google (GOOG). In an interview with paidContent last month, MSN
Corporate VP Erik Jorgensen signaled some of the changes now coming,
discussing the cleaning up of its homepage, more tightly integrating Bing and
MSN, making it easier to share on social networking sites, focusing content
and allowing users to even customize it. Tagged with: advertising, AOL, Bing,
BoomTown, category, content, data, digital, entertainment, Erik Jorgensen,
finance, financial, Google, Internet, Kara Swisher, lifestyle, Microsoft, MSN,
portal, Scott Moore, search, shopping, sports, Time Warner, traffic, vertical,
Yahoo Third Foxconn Worker Dies Due to Explosion, Apparently Caused by
“Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral Video: Motion Capture
Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie “Tintin” May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT
Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks About $10M Funding of Hot Start-
Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May 18, 2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn
Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be a $4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011
at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave
Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version