Adaptly Adaptly Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Linkedin
Linkedin Pinterest Pinterest Email Previous Next Search Clock Company
Solutions Insights News Careers Contact Us Login How to Tell Impactful Stories
With Social Video Reading Time: 3 Minutes Social video has been growing
quickly for the past few years, but user preferences and viewing behaviours
are still constantly evolving. UK consumers spend an average of 53 minutes per
day watching some form of digital video, with mobile accounting for almost
half of that time. There’s also an increasing preference for smartphones over
more traditional media devices, which impacts the ways brands connect with
their audiences. At this year’s Social Media Week London, Adaptly President
Sean O’Neal hosted a session on how advertisers can best tell impactful
stories using new and quickly evolving social video formats. He was joined by
David Wilding, Head of Planning at Twitter, and Angela Bertram, Senior Social
Media and Content Manager at Carphone Warehouse. Although paid social lets
advertisers deliver engaging, carefully targeted messages, the way people use
these channels is still developing. “These days, it’s all about vertical
formats,” said O’Neal, kicking off the discussion. “Less than 30% of people
will turn their phone to view a horizontal video ad and even when they do,
they’re only watching 14% of the content.” If done correctly, social video is
one of the most powerful storytelling tools out there – second only to face-
to-face conversation. “Most of us would agree that we’d rather watch a video
about a product than read the same information,” continued O’Neal. “From an
advertising perspective, social video drives ad recall and brand awareness
faster than any other type of format.” As the panel continued, we heard unique
insights from Twitter and Carphone Warehouse. Here are 4 key takeaways from
the session: 1\. Design for Mobile In just a few years, mobile phones have
become the world’s most important media device. And since users hold their
smartphones vertically 94% of the time, advertisers have to design assets that
keep the mobile format in mind. “You need to get into the nitty gritty of the
creative,” said Carphone Warehouse’s Angela Bertram. “And in most cases, that
means making sure that you are shooting things in vertical.” 90% of Carphone
Warehouse’s social activity now includes some form of video, and she said the
brand will focus even more on developing mobile-first creative assets going
forward. 2\. Keep It Short and Snappy We are constantly bombarded with reports
about shortened consumer attention spans, but the truth is that just a few
seconds often is enough to make your brand message stick with social media
users. Twitter’s David Wilding explained that while iconic brands like Chanel
might find success with longer-form video on the platform, “it probably makes
more sense for the majority of advertisers to focus on short and snappy
content.” His point was further emphasised by Bertram, who stressed that a
longer video might fit naturally on a channel like YouTube, but not be at all
suitable for Twitter or Snapchat. “You have to keep each platform’s native
style in mind when creating assets for social,” she explained. 3\. Drive Users
Down the Funnel The panelists agreed that social video is a very adaptable ad
format, and depending on the business objective, it can be used to communicate
with audiences throughout the entire funnel. “We’ve worked to build out an
entire ecosystem of video, starting with humorous, awareness-building content
and all the way through to more DR-focused activity,” said Bertram. “The trick
is to serve users something fun and engaging at the top of the funnel, and
then retarget them with ads that drive conversions.” Wilding added that
because video has become such a central part of Twitter, there are now even
more ways for brands to make the most of it on the platform. “Video is not a
strategy – it’s a tactic,” he stated. “The trick is to know what works best
for your brand and your audience.” 4\. Test Out New Formats While the practice
of live streaming has been around for quite some time, usage on social media
is still somewhat in its infancy. As an increasing amount of people look to
social channels as their primary source of both news and entertainment, live
video formats help keep users informed of what is happening in real-time.
“Twitter has always been less about ‘look at me’ and more about ‘look at
that,’” said Wilding. “As a platform, we are very much in the moment and I
think we will see even more investment in live activity going forward.”
Bertram added that Carphone will continue to work on finding a balance between
the structured and unstructured, growing their current efforts while also
incorporating new formats like livestreaming and virtual reality. “There are
always new things coming out, so we constantly need to stay on top of new
developments in social,” she added. Thanks to everyone who joined our panel at
SMW London! To see more, check out the #SMWAdaptly hashtag and follow us on
Twitter @Adaptly. Sofia Lundberg Marketing Manager, EMEA Originally from
Stockholm, Sweden, Sofia is now a proud Londoner with experience working in
both B2B and B2C marketing contexts. An avid runner, foodie and coffee
fanatic, she’s curious and eager to immerse herself in all things social.
Office London Share Categories Blog Events Back To Blog > Fill out form to
access download Submit Let's Start Something Remarkable Today Contact Us Keep
up with the latest advertising trends and insights. No spam, we promise.
Comments Subscribe Be Remarkable General Inquiries contactus@adaptly.com
212-300-8599, ext. 417 Media Information pr@adaptly.com New York 386 Park Ave
South Floor 17 New York, NY 10016 London 20 Midtown 20 Procter Street London,
WC1V 6NX Chicago 747 N LaSalle Drive Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60654 Los Angeles
1411 5th Street Suite 405 Santa Monica, CA 90401 San Francisco 981 Mission
Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Detroit 1449 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48226
Careers News Partners Our Vision Privacy Policy Contact