Media Facebook Takes on Twitter by Courting Celebrities, Building Twittery
Tools Published on August 7, 2013 by Peter Kafka When Channing Tatum wanted to
publish the first picture of his new baby in June, he didn’t go to People or
Us Magazine. Instead, he posted on his Facebook page. And when Andy Murray won
a surprise victory in Wimbledon in July, he headed straight to Facebook, where
he hosted a Q&A; with his fans. That’s not a coincidence. Facebook has been
ramping up its efforts to get moreÂ famous people using the site. In recent
months it has bulked up a global team tasked with courting and hand-holding
stars; in some cases, it offers incentives for those who post. It’s all part
of a bigger push to encourage more “public” content on the site, beyond the
stuff only you and your friends care about. Facebook wants you to spend more
time talking about things in the news, or stuff you see on TV. And it would
like you to pay attention to things your favorite celebrities do on the site.
In other words: Facebook is acting more like Twitter. Facebook officials won’t
say that out loud. They cast their moves as a response to user behavior that
has existed on the site for a long time, which is reasonable enough. But some
will privately concede the Twitter parallels. And Twitter management is
certainly taking notice. Acting a bit like Twitter might not be a terrible
idea. Advertisers are happy enough with Facebook — they’re on track to spend
more than $6 billion on the social network this year — but marketers and TV
networks seem intrigued with Twitter’s approach, as well. So why not take a
few pages from that playbook, even if you don’t want to say that’s what you’re
doing? Which explains the Twitter-like tools and features Facebook has rolled
out in recent months: “Verified” accounts to let users know that a famous
person’s profile is legitimate; “hashtags” to help group conversations around
the same topic; and embeddableÂ posts, which let interesting things that
happen on Facebook also appear on blogs and other sites. Later today, Facebook
plans to introduce another Twitterish feature. It will start experimenting
with “Trending Topics” — a billboard that highlights things lots of Facebook
users are talking about. In Facebook’s version, which it said it will test
with a small percentage of U.S. users on the company’s mobile website, users
will see a banner flagging a particular topic. If they click on it, they’ll
see what some of their friends are saying about it, and then they’ll see
comments and posts from people they don’t know. Justin Osofsky, the Facebook
executive who oversees platform partnerships and is heading up the “public”
push, said the company isn’t trying to move Facebook away from its original
mission — connecting users with people they know. But he said that lots of
people are already using Facebook to sound off about politics, or TV shows, or
celebrities. Like Facebook users who generated 65 million “Likes” and comments
about the Oscars on the day of this year’s awards show. The new initiative, he
said, will help Facebook “unlock and surface the conversation about shared
interests that’s already happening.” And if it can spark more conversations,
even better. Facebook has always helped celebrities navigate the site, and at
times has had various outreach programs, including some led by Mark
Zuckerberg’s sister Randi. But earlier this year, Osofsky expanded the team
that works with stars, from four people to “more than 10.” Among the new hires
is Glenn Miller, who had formerly been in charge of digital strategy at the
CAA talent agency. Talent managers and agents say they’ve heard a lot more
from Facebook reps in the past few months. (Of course, they continue to hear
from Twitter and other tech companies, too: Last week, Twitter CEO Dick
Costolo and product head Michael Sippey made the rounds in Hollywood.) Nick
Grudin, who heads up Facebook’s talent team, said its main job is to encourage
“best practices” for celebs who want to use Facebook, like posting candid
thoughts and pictures. (An example Grudin loves: Kobe Bryant’s impassioned,
late-night ramblings after a season-ending injury.) Grudin’s team will also
let them know about some of the ways Facebook can help increase their profile
on the site, like exposure on Facebook-controlled pages such as this one. In a
few cases, Grudin said, Facebook has used advertising inventory to help
promote a celebrity’sÂ Facebook page or presence. And for one star, he said,
the company provided a photographer to take “behind the scenes” shots at a
sporting event; Grudin said Facebook might consider doing that again. Facebook
is also being louder about the fact that all of this is happening on its site.
Last month it announced, via social TV tracker Trendrr, that it has much more
TV chatter than Twitter does. That’s not surprising, given the fact that
Facebook has a billion users and Twitter has 200 million, but the announcement
still riled Twitter employees. Expect Facebook to keep beating the drum at the
same time it courts talents and urges its users to talk among themselves. Said
Osofsky: “This is an area of strategic importance for us.” Return to: Facebook
Takes on Twitter by Courting Celebrities, Building Twittery Tools URL:
http://allthingsd.com/20130807/facebook-takes-on-twitter-by-courting-
celebrities-building-twittery-tools/ Brought to you by The Wall Street Journal
| © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.