WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Ina Fried ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @inafried Recent
Posts by Ina Fried Microsoft Looks to Mango to Make Windows Phone a Better
Communicator May 24, 2011 at 7:00 am PT Tweet Share Print With Windows Phone
7, Microsoft was basically looking to get back into the smartphone
conversation. With the next version, codenamed Mango, the company hopes to
prove itself a social butterfly. Improved communications, along with better
Web browsing and more powerful apps, were the key focal points as the company
looked to make the first major update to its revamped phone software. On
Tuesday, the company is announcing a host of new communications options that
are among 500 new features that Microsoft is adding to its phone operating
system in the “Mango” update due out later this year. The company is outlining
the changes and sharing other details at a press event in New York that is
just getting underway. (It’s being Webcast and AllThingsD has live coverage
here). As part of its effort to be a better communicator, Microsoft is adding
support for Twitter as well as tighter integration with Facebook and an
integrated conversation feature that allows chats to move between Facebook
Chat, Windows Live Messenger and text message all within a single “thread.”
The company is also adding an option to let users combine contacts into
various groups that can be reached en masse via email or text message. On the
email side, customers will now have the option to combine views from various
email accounts into a single inbox as well as view messages in either standard
or conversation view. While apps are important, Microsoft is hoping to
convince friends that when it comes to keeping in touch, it is better to
integrate multiple modes into a single hub than to have to open a different
program for each means of communication. “Our friends aren’t apps—they are
people,” Sullivan said. That said, even with Mango, users will have to do some
switching. The feature that lets discussions move from chat to text message
doesn’t extend to email, while Twitter users will still need a separate
program to handle more advanced tasks. Still, Microsoft hopes integrating more
options into its People hub will help the company’s products stand out from
rivals. Sullivan noted that Microsoft’s research shows people spend 2.5 hours
a day socializing on their phone–more time than is spent eating. “It’s pretty
dramatic,” he said. The Mango release of Windows Phone is due to show up on
phones later this year. In addition to current hardware partners that are
planning new phones, Mango will work on existing Windows Phone devices and
will form the basis for Nokia’s first crop of Microsoft-powered phones. Tagged
with: Android, Chat, Facebook, Google, Greg Sullivan, iOS, iPhone, Mango,
Microsoft, smartphone, SMS, text message, Twitter, Windows Phone, Windows
Phone 7 Another Longtime Windows Exec Heads for the Exit as 2013 Draws to a
Close December 31, 2013 at 1:03 pm PT Veteran Microsoft Engineer Jon DeVaan
Leaving After Almost 30 Years December 30, 2013 at 1:32 pm PT BlackBerry’s
John Chen on What He Is Doing to Shake Up the Phone Maker December 30, 2013 at
10:40 am PT Bringing Inexpensive Mobile Access to Researchers in Antarctica
December 30, 2013 at 5:30 am PT Investors Flock to Twitter, Like Facebook, as
Year Draws to a Close December 24, 2013 at 12:29 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Mobilized Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » I think the NSA has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as
(physicist) Robert Oppenheimer said, “When you see something that is
technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and argue about what to do about it
only after you’ve had your technical success. That is the way it was with the
atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in
an interview with Om Malik AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version