WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Another Googler Goes to AOL: YouTube Boss Dave Eun
Replaces Bill Wilson as Content Boss February 4, 2010 at 11:46 am PT Tweet
Share Print Former Google sales boss Tim Armstrong has brought a slew of
former colleagues with him to AOL, but this may be his highest-profile hire so
far: Dave Eun, who has been in charge of content deals at Google and YouTube,
will replace Bill Wilson, one of the last high-profile AOL guys from the pre-
Armstrong era. The deal to bring Eun on board was finalized last night,
Armstrong told employees in an all-hands email (see below). It’s not a huge
shock to see him leave–he’s done a lot of heavy lifting there already, and
sources say that like many Google (GOOG) executives who have left recently,
Eun felt he couldn’t move much higher in the company. Eun used to have a role
that paralleled Armstrong’s at Google: Make peace with traditional content
companies. But instead of trying to sell them ads or negotiate search deals,
Eun was supposed to hammer out deals to help get their content onto Google.
Most recently, he was focused on getting TV networks and movie studios to put
stuff on YouTube, which involved new ad-supported deals (see: Turner, ESPN,
etc.) as well as the possibility of renting clips by the stream. Wilson is a
longtime AOL (AOL) guy who rose up the ranks and was pushing for the original
content strategy that Armstrong embraced even before the last regime change.
He seems to be leaving on better terms than other pre-Armstrong executives, as
he’ll be staying with the company until May to manage the transition. By
leaving just as AOL has spun off on its own, Wilson is giving up a chance at
some significant upside via low-priced stock options. But sources say Wilson
doesn’t have another job lined up. In an interview this afternoon, Armstrong
says that Wilson approached him about leaving the company “several weeks ago”.
When I asked him if Eun’s last role–developing partnerships with big media
outlets–signaled a shift in AOL’s “roll your own–cheaply” strategy, he made a
point of saying that’s not the case. Eun’s hire will simply “supercharge” AOL
content plans, he said. Nonetheless, Armstrong did allow that AOL has some
significant content partnerships to announce in the coming months. Here’s an
interview I conducted with Eun late last year, focused on YouTube’s efforts to
turn a profit and add new content: And here’s Armstrong’s note to the troops:
As you know, content is at the core of our strategy and we have broad
aspirations in this space. We’re focused on scaling our content platforms,
production and partnerships to offer quality, original content that will
engage consumers and bring them–and their friends–back to our properties time
and again. The fact that we have such a strong foundation in the content space
is due to the determination and dedication of Bill Wilson. He saw the
opportunity presented by audience fragmentation on the Web and positioned
AOL’s content offerings in a number of key verticals. Early in the new year,
Bill told me that although he remains committed to the vision and strategy of
AOL, he’s ready for a break. After nine years with the company and after the
significant changes we made this year moving from licensing content to
becoming a principle in content, he wants to take a step back. Bill built a
strong management team and laid the groundwork for the content strategy that
we’re now pursuing. While I’m disappointed by his decision, I respect his
intent and have asked him to work with me, not only to find his replacement
but also to transition with that person to ensure that, as a company, we don’t
miss a beat on the execution of our content strategy. Bill is a talented
executive and great person, and I’ll be working with him closely and
supporting his transition. Bill cares about AOL, he cares about the content
and the products, and he has worked incredibly hard to keep AOL on the media
map. I’m pleased to announce that David Eun will be coming on board in March
to head up our content business. Some of you may remember David from his
tenure at Time Warner where he helped to oversee AOL as Vice President,
Operations, for the Media & Communications Group reporting to Don Logan.
David, who joins us now from YouTube and Google, has had a long career in
offline and online content and is the person responsible for managing Google
and YouTube’s content partnerships. David brings an impressive breadth of
media experience to AOL at an exciting juncture as AOL forges a new future as
a high-scale producer and partner in the content space. He will be based in
New York. Bill will be staying on until May 1 to help ensure a smooth
transition with David, who begins work March 1. You may wonder why this topic
wasn’t raised during yesterday’s Q4 employee call. My preference is always to
share this type of news with you in person, but the facts are that there were
elements of this announcement that were not finalized until last night. This
drove us to announce this news this morning–to our employees first. As we have
discussed, AOL is now in a phase of transition from playing defense to playing
offense. As I said on the employee earnings call yesterday, AOL’s back in the
game and we’re playing to win. We have a lot of work to do, but we’re going to
do it. Please join me in welcoming David back to AOL and in thanking Bill for
his dedication and leadership at AOL – TA And here’s the release: AOL NAMES
DAVID EUN PRESIDENT OF AOL MEDIA AND STUDIOS Eun Will Oversee All AOL Content,
SEED.com and Studio Operations New York, NY, February 4, 2010 – AOL Inc.
(NYSE: AOL) today announced that David Eun will join the company as President
of AOL Media and Studios, effective March 1. As AOL’s chief content executive,
Eun will be responsible for the company’s more than 80 content sites, its new
SEED.com publishing platform, as well as the newly acquired StudioNow video
platform and AOL’s NYC and LA studios. Eun will report to AOL Chairman and CEO
Tim Armstrong and will be based in New York. He succeeds Bill Wilson,
President, AOL Media, who will transition out of the role after nine years
with AOL. Until 2006, Eun helped to oversee AOL as Vice President, Operations
for the Media & Communications Group at Time Warner Inc. In that role, he
helped provide operational oversight and develop new businesses, particularly
in digital distribution and broadband content and services, for the company’s
AOL, Time Warner Cable and Time, Inc. divisions. Eun joins AOL from Google,
where as Vice President, Strategic Partnerships, he was responsible for
managing global content partnerships with Google and YouTube. “David brings an
impressive breadth of media experience to AOL at an exciting juncture for the
company as we focus on scaling our content platforms, production and
partnerships to offer quality, original content that will engage consumers and
bring them–and their friends–back to our properties time and again. I’m
delighted to welcome him back to AOL as we continue to pursue our strategy and
mission in digital content and journalism,” Armstrong said. “Bill Wilson has
been a driving force for content at AOL and under his leadership the quantity
and quality of our premium branded and niche offerings have expanded
significantly. On behalf of AOL, I want to thank Bill for the energy and
dedication he has brought to the role. Bill has been an outstanding leader at
AOL,” Armstrong added. “AOL has a unique opportunity to bring together its
core strengths in the key areas of content and journalism, distribution, and
advertising to engage its users, partners and advertisers in a way very few
companies can. These three elements will be fundamental to success as the
media and technology industries evolve and converge,” Eun said. “And after
nearly 15 years of seeing this convergence approach, I couldn’t be more
excited to be returning to AOL to help Tim and his team capture that great
promise.” AOL is one of the largest producers of original content on the Web,
with more than 80 official AOL and custom-built sites including more than 20
which rank in the top five in their U.S. comScore Media Metrix category.
Approximately 80 percent of AOL’s content is originally produced by a growing
team of staff and freelance journalists, including nine Pulitzer Prize
Winners. AOL also produces more than 50 original video productions a month at
state-of-the-art studios in New York and Los Angeles as well as through a
network of freelance video producers. SEED.com, AOL’s premium content
management system, assigns, buys and distributes work for all of AOL’s
properties. StudioNow, which AOL acquired in January, allows the company to
integrate a fully functional video creation platform into SEED and leverage a
national network of creative professionals to develop and produce quality
video in a way that is rapid, efficient and scalable. Before joining Time
Warner, Eun was a partner at Arts Alliance, a venture capital firm focusing on
digital media, information technology and business services. He started his
career in media at NBC, where he led some of NBC’s first cross-media
initiatives involving television programming, the Internet, and retail
consumer products. He is a former management consultant with Bain & Co., and
attended Harvard Law School and Harvard College, where he graduated magna cum
laude in government. Tagged with: ad, advertising, AOL, arrivals departures
feature, Arts Alliance, Bain & Co., big media, Bill Wilson, blogs, broadband,
clips, comScore, consumers, content, content deals, convergence, Dave Eun,
digital, distribution, DOn Logan, email, employees, entertainment, ESPN,
fragmentation, freelance, Google, Harvard College, Harvard Law School, hire,
Industry Moves, information technology, Internet, journalism, L.A., Los
Angeles, Media Metrix, movie studios, music, NBC, New York, NYC, online,
partners, partnerships, Peter Kafka, platform, profit, programming, Pulitzer
Prize, Q4, rent, sales, search, Seed.com, sites, strategy, stream, StudioNow,
studios, television, Tim Armstrong, Time Warner, Turner, TV networks, venture
capital, vertical, video, Web, winners, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use
Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » There was a
worry before I started this that I was going to burn every bridge I had. But I
realize now that there are some bridges that are worth burning.— Valleywag
editor Sam Biddle AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version