WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Keeping Files In Sync
September 9, 2009 at 3:02 pm PT Tweet Share Print My wife and I each use a
different Windows laptop, so we end up having documents scattered between
them. We back up data using a wired external hard drive, not knowing what has
been saved where. Is there a solution that can allow file sharing and keep my
files, my wife’s files, and the backup files synced up? There are networked
hard drives from several manufacturers that can back up both laptops
wirelessly and allow sharing. One I reviewed recently is the My Book World
Edition from Western Digital. Another approach would be to use a Web-based
synchronization service. My favorite of these is called SugarSync, from a
company called Sharpcast. SugarSync can automatically, and almost instantly,
synchronize files in folders you select among multiple computers, while also
backing them up to a password-protected Web account. SugarSync starts at $5 a
month or $50 a year for 30 gigabytes of files, and goes up in price based on
the amount you use. The company offers a free two-gigabyte account and a free
trial of larger accounts for 30 days. More information is at sharpcast.com. I
have been a Windows user for may years but have wanted to change to Mac. Yet
every article I read says that Quicken, which I depend upon heavily, will not
run—at least reliably—on a Mac, even with the Windows-compatible software. Is
this true? The native Quicken version for the Mac is a less capable program
than the Windows version, and doesn’t use the same file format, which makes
importing Windows Quicken files a tedious and imperfect process for many
users. Intuit, the maker of Quicken, is promising a new, much better native
Mac version early next year that it claims will solve these problems, but I
haven’t tested it, so I can’t verify that pledge. However, in tests I have run
periodically, Quicken for Windows ran just fine on a Mac equipped to run
Windows and Windows programs. This was true when I used either Parallels or
Fusion, which allow you to run Windows programs on a Mac simultaneously with
Mac programs; or when I used Boot Camp, which converts the Mac into a full-
fledged Windows machine, with Apple’s operating system turned off. I plan to
get a new computer after Windows 7 is released in October, to replace my old
Compaq running Windows XP. Will I have difficulty moving my files to the new
one? You shouldn’t have much difficulty with your personal data files.
Microsoft is building in an Easy Transfer program to move personal files to a
new Windows 7 PC. But the Microsoft program won’t move over your programs. You
will have to reinstall all your programs, which means finding your
installation disks or installer files and re-installing all the updates from
that have occurred over the years. A company called LapLink is promising to
sell software it says will automate the entire process, including moving
programs, to spare you this re-installation burden. But it isn’t out yet, and
I haven’t tested it with Windows 7. You can find Mossberg’s Mailbox and my
other columns at the All Things Digital Web site, http://walt.allthingsd.com.
Tagged with account, Apple, back up, Boot Camp, Compaq, computers, data,
digital, Easy Transfer, external, file format, file sharing, files, folders,
Fusion, gigabytes, hard drive, hardware, Intuit, LapLink, laptop, Mac,
Microsoft, My Book World Edition, operating system, Parallels, password, PC,
program, Quicken, service, Sharpcast, software, SugarSync, synchronization,
Web, Western Digital, Windows, Windows 7, Windows XP Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version