WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Seven Questions for Silicon Valley Superlawyer
Gordy Davidson June 10, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Tweet Share Print There aren’t many
lawyers who’ve been around Silicon Valley as long, nor advised as many of its
notable companies, as Gordy Davidson. He’s the chairman of the law firm
Fenwick & West, and his clients read like a history of the Valley: Cisco
Systems, Oracle, Intuit, Electronic Arts, Macromedia, Facebook, to name but a
few. He doesn’t ordinarily give interviews, so when I got the chance to sit
down with him at Fenwick’s headquarters in Mountain View recently, I jumped at
it. Not long after we spoke, Fenwick announced that Davidson would be stepping
aside at the end of the year and handing the chairmanship over to Richard
Dickson. My first question was to ask Davidson to sum up what he does, as he
sees it. AllThingsD: Gordy, I think I have a pretty good idea what you do all
day, but tell me, from your perspective, what is it that you do? Davidson: I’m
a general Silicon Valley lawyer. One day I may be at a Cisco board meeting, as
I will be tomorrow. The other may be meeting with two kids out of Stanford
with a business plan. Those literally happened on the same day a few years
ago, and I said to myself that I find them both equally exhilirating. It’s
part of the cycle of Silicon Valley. I worked at a startup company before I
was a lawyer, so I’ve been there. I worked for a company that was started in
an industrial garage out by the San Jose airport. Everyone was there in the
big room, and it was fun. We’ve had a great run. About a year after I joined
Fenwick, Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak walked in and started Apple Computer.
And everything has flowed from there. The work has involved startup companies,
venture capital, intellectual property, technology licensing, IPOs, mergers
and acquisitions. It runs the gamut, which is what makes it interesting. We’ve
seen five complete business cycles since then. And given that, where do you
think the business cycle is now? Well, the stock market is about as high as it
has ever been, so it’s an up cycle. There’s a lot of activity. As a firm, we
set revenue records in each of the last three years. I’m not sure why the
stock market is up. It’s a little mysterious. But you can see other indicators
of economic activity. You can measure it with traffic on Highway 101, and in
job creation in Silicon Valley. Real estate prices are up, and foreclosures
are down. I don’t think it’s a bubble, but then I’ll knock on wood when I say
that. Nor do I see it as particulary robust. It’s not affecting all
industries. But certainly technology is strong right now, with notable
exceptions. Some companies are having trouble. And there have certainly been a
lot of IPOs in recent memory. Which ones have you been involved in? We did
Workday and ServiceNow. We did Fusion-io from the underwriting side. We did
Vocera and Silver Spring Networks. Those are a few. Many, if not all of those,
if memory serves, took advantage of the JOBS Act when they initially filed to
go public. Do you think that’s been helpful to companies? The companies
certainly like it. Companies are vulnerable to competitive sniping when they
file, if they don’t get out on the fastest possible schedule. Competitors are
ruthless. They point out to customers that the balance sheet may be running
down, and start asking why the company in question can’t get out sooner, and
sowing doubt by asking them if they really want to take a product from a
company running out of money. And so the JOBS Act has largely solved that
problem. I don’t think it’s as revolutionary as the authors thought it would
be. The only useful provision of it has been the confidential submission rules
for when a company first files to go public. Not many companies that we’ve
worked with have wanted to take advantage of the provision that allows them to
file only two years of financial data as opposed to three. If you want to be
taken seriously, why not be audited for the third year? And the companies that
are coming public now are companies of substance. They’re not just raising $10
million or $20 million. They’re raising $75 million or $100 million. At that
rate, you probably ought to audit three years. I’ve been talking to some
startup companies at various stages, and they tell me that, in a lot of cases,
the venture capital firms are coming to them and not the other way around.
It’s almost like the VCs are shoving checks down founders’ throats a bit. Is
there perhaps too much money in the system? Well, there’s been a big shakeout
in firms versus a few years ago, so there’s less money overall. Venture funds
have been cut in half, and the amount of funds raised is coming down. But the
hot companies are just getting money thrown at them. There are companies like
GitHub, which is a client of mine. There’s a startup company that was under
the radar, and they had a number of venture capitalists chasing them, until
they finally went with Peter Levine at Andreessen Horowitz. Marc Andreessen
once said that there are really only 15 VC deals in Silicon Valley every year
that really matter, and I think directionally speaking that’s true. And there
is a bipolar distribution among the venture funds. There are probably only 15
that are successful, and the rest just aren’t as successful. It isn’t like
1999, when there was too much money chasing too few deals. Now there’s a lot
of money chasing a lot of really good deals. Do you think there is something
different with the way that companies are conceived that makes them better now
than before? Well the Internet has changed everything. The infrastructure has
changed everything. It doesn’t take much to start a company; with all the open
source software and cloud services out there, you don’t really have to do all
that much research and development. The tools are there. You can get to the
product you are trying to develop quickly. So the time to market is much
shorter. So companies can get up and running fast, and build up their scale
fast. Think of Twitter, Facebook, Airbnb, Square, and how fast they’re
growing. As an attorney, your job is to advise companies on pitfalls they may
avoid. What’s the classic thing that you tell companies to avoid over and over
again? There must be a million of them. There are a million of them. One thing
is to try and rein in their exhuberance. For example, when VC money is being
thrown at them, it’s not always about the highest bidder that is the best
source of capital. There’s a story I like to tell about Intuit. Scott Cook
funded Intuit by kiting his credit cards for a long time, and almost went
bankrupt twice. Finally, when it started to get traction, they went for
venture capital, not to fund the company, but to pay off their debt. So they
got five offers from five funds, and Scott asked me which one to take. He
wouldn’t tell who made the higher or lower offers, but there was about a 50
percent difference in the valuation between the lower ones and the higher
ones. I immediately connected the dots and told him to accept the lower
offers. He couldn’t believe it, and he asked why. I said that the lower
bidders brought with them John Doerr of Kleiner Perkins and Burt McMurtry of
TVI. I said they would make more difference to the ultimate valuation of
Intuit. He later remembered that advice, and acknowledged that it was right.
Tagged with: Andreessen Horowitz, Burt McMurtry, Fenwick & West, Gordy
Davidson, Industry Moves, Intuit, John Doerr, Kleiner Perkins Caufield &
Byers, lawsuits, lawyers, legal, legal advice, litigation, Marc Andreessen,
Peter Levine, Seven Questions, TVI, venture capital Apple Denies Working with
NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All
the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP
Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I think the NSA
has a job to do and we need the NSA. But as (physicist) Robert Oppenheimer
said, “When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do
it and argue about what to do about it only after you’ve had your technical
success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.”— Phil Zimmerman, PGP
inventor and Silent Circle co-founder, in an interview with Om Malik
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version