WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Like That TV Ad You Just Saw? Twitter Wants to Show You
Another One. May 23, 2013 at 8:58 am PT Tweet Share Print Digital advertising
is big, but not nearly as big as TV advertising. So Twitter, like everyone
else who sells bits and bytes, would like some of that TV ad money. Here’s
their latest attempt: “TV ad targeting,” which promises that it can find
Twitter users who saw a TV ad, and then show them another ad from the same
marketer when they come to Twitter. The basic idea: If you were watching the
Super Bowl, and you tweeted about it while you were watching, and Samsung ran
an ad during the game, Twitter could let Samsung find you on Twitter and show
you another ad, later. If that sounds like a lot of ads to you, the TV-
watching Twitter user, well … all this stuff is free, right? Here’s a video
that shows how it’s supposed to work: The most obvious limitation here is
that, for now, the program is only supposed to work if you tweet about a show
while you’re watching it. And since most regular humans don’t write tweets
while they watch TV — most regular humans don’t write tweets, period, though
they may read tweets — that caps the available audience for this sort of
thing. (And, by the way, if this works, then Facebook would really benefit
from this, since even Twitter executives acknowledge that it has a much larger
audience of people commenting about TV shows than Twitter does.) You may also
wonder if someone who watches a TV show actually sees the ad, what with DVRs
and bathroom breaks and lots of second screens and all. Twitter has an answer
for that, in a blog post announcing the campaign: “We believe a user engaged
enough with a TV show to tweet about it very likely saw the commercials as
well.” The big picture: As it has been doing for several years, Twitter is
trying to connect itself to the TV industry by telling both advertisers and
programmers that it can help them boost the stuff they’re already showing.
Note that Twitter’s pitch is different from some other platforms that want TV
money, notably video platforms like YouTube, that tell TV advertisers the
audience they want isn’t watching their stuff. Instead, Twitter wants TV
spenders to think about spending additional money with them. Think of it as
“Twitter times TV,” Twitter ad chief Adam Bain told marketers today, “with
Twitter being a force-multiplier.” The stuff powering all of this, by the way,
comes from Bluefin Labs, the startup Twitter bought for $90 million a few
months ago. At our D: Dive Into Media conference in February, Bluefin founder
Deb Roy showed off the way his company connects Twitter and TV, and if you
watch the clip below, you can see a direct connection between it and the
program Twitter launched today: Tagged with: Adam Bain, advertising, Bluefin
Labs, Deb Roy, Dick Costolo, Facebook, Google, Twitter Twitter Asks You How
You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter
December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets
December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in
Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM
Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market
Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War
December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version