WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka Twitter Doesn’t Know Why This Ryan Gosling Video Went
Viral August 12, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print Why did this Vine of
Ryan Gosling not eating cereal go viral? Dunno. Maybe the collective
unconscious has something to do with it. Or maybe the growing revolt against
carbohydrates. Also: Ryan Gosling. Twitter attempts to answer the question on
its blog today, and comes up with the same range of unsatisfying answers.
Basically, different stuff goes viral for different reasons. If you could
predict it in advance, you’d run BuzzFeed — and then the world. But! Twitter
researchers in the U.K. are able to tell you how the Vine went viral, which
makes for a cool visual representation. The guide, per Twitter’s blog: “The
blue nodes represent Tweets; the bigger they are, the larger the potential
reach of that Tweet. The yellow dots represent retweets.” Got that? What’s
that? You’d like to see more viral videos and their Twitter paths? Okay,
here’s a bonus set. Astronaut Chris Hadfield’s rendition of David Bowie’s
“Space Oddity,” which has racked up more than 17 million views since May: And
Twitter’s map of its success: Tagged with: Google, Ryan Gosling, Twitter,
viral video, Web video, YouTube Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You
Watch TV, While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00
am PT (Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT
Happy Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013
at 6:00 am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at
6:10 pm PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies +
Walter White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Nobody was
excited about paying top dollar for a movie about WikiLeaks. A film about the
origins of Pets.com would have done better.— Gitesh Pandya of
BoxOfficeGuru.com comments on the dreadful opening weekend box office numbers
for “The Fifth Estate.” AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version