Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us Adaptive
Biotechnologies to Present 2 Studies Demonstrating Utility of Immunosequencing
to Propel Diagnostic Development and Therapeutic Discovery at the 2016
American Association of Immunologists Annual Meeting 05/14/2016 SEATTLE, Wa.,
May 14, 2015 – Adaptive Biotechnologies, the leader in combining next
generation sequencing (NGS) and expert bioinformatics to profile T- and B-cell
receptors of the adaptive immune system, will present data demonstrating how
profiling the T-cell repertoire has the potential to advance diagnostic
development and therapeutic discovery in immune-mediated diseases at the
American Association of Immunologists (AAI) Annual Meeting in Seattle, May
13-17, 2016. “As evidenced by these data, assessing the presence of associated
T-cell responses can serve as a powerful diagnostic classifier in infectious
diseases,” says Dr. Harlan Robins, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder of
Adaptive Biotechnologies. “We are also continuing to expand our proprietary
immunosequencing technology into a highly useful tool for therapeutic
discovery, changing the paradigm of treatment for infectious diseases,
autoimmunity and cancer.” Adaptive is also hosting an exhibitor workshop at
AAI on Sunday, May 15, 1:45-2:30 p.m. Exhibitor Workshop Room 2, featuring
Catherine Sanders, PhD from Adaptive Biotechnologies, to discuss how utilizing
immunosequencing can accelerate innovation and discovery. Representatives from
Adaptive Biotechnologies will be exhibiting at AAI booth #446 to answer
questions about its immunosequencing technology. Oral Presentations: Abstract
#209.04: A scalable multiplex assay enabling assessment of T cell receptor
specificity to hundreds of self- and pathogen-derived antigens Tuesday, May
17, 2016, 11:00-11:15 a.m. Room 611-612 Presenter: Mark Klinger, Adaptive
Biotechnologies Poster Presentations: Abstract #148.11 – Immunosequencing
reveals diagnostic signatures of pathogen infection and HLA type in the T-cell
Receptor Repertoire Sunday, May 15, 2016, 2:30-3:45 p.m. Poster# 2777, Poster
Hall Presenter: Will DeWitt, Adaptive Biotechnologies Abstract #209.04: A
scalable multiplex assay enabling assessment of T cell receptor specificity to
hundreds of self- and pathogen-derived antigens Monday, May 16, 2016,
2:30-3:45 p.m. Poster# 2232, Poster Hall Presenter: Mark Klinger, Adaptive
Biotechnologies About Adaptive Biotechnologies® Adaptive Biotechnologies is
the pioneer and leader in combining high-throughput sequencing and expert
bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors. Adaptive is bringing
the accuracy and sensitivity of its immunosequencing platform into
laboratories around the world to drive groundbreaking research in cancer and
other immune-mediated diseases. Adaptive also translates immunosequencing
discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic development to improve
patient care. For more information please visit adaptivebiotech.com. CONTACT:
Adaptive Biotechnologies April Falcone 206-939-3835 media@adaptivebiotech.com
As evidenced by these data, assessing the presence of associated T-cell
responses can serve as a powerful diagnostic classifier in infectious
diseases. Harlan Robins Previous Press Release Adaptive Biotechnologies and
Collaborators to Present 10 Studies Demonstrating the Utility of
Immunosequencing in Both Tissue and Blood Samples at 2016 American Association
of Cancer Research Annual Meeting 04/16/2016 Next Press Release Adaptive
Biotechnologies and Collaborators to Present Seven Studies Demonstrating the
Use of Immunosequencing to Identify Prognostic Biomarkers and Potential
Biomarkers of Response at the 2016 American Society of Clinical Oncology
Annual Meeting 06/04/2016 Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888)
522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products &
ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ®
Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular
Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur
Story Culture Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All
Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy
HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses