WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka YouTube and Hollywood Finally Link Up: Here Come the
Channels October 28, 2011 at 6:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print YouTube and
Hollywood, which have been circling each other for years, are finally getting
together. But instead of moving movies and TV shows to the world’s biggest Web
site, they’re trying something different: Google is handing out more than $100
million to dozens of partners to create new “channels.” The idea is to make
“professional” content that advertisers will pay a premium to be near, instead
of the grab bag of videos that dominate the site and that often sell at very
low prices. This isn’t news, of course: YouTube reps have been holding
meetings and auditions for most of the year, led by former Netflix executive
Robert Kyncl. And we’ve known about the deal terms, and many of the partners,
for some time. But now the site is finally talking about them publicly and
promising that it will start unveiling some of the new programming next month.
Some of the channels — each of which will have a couple hours of original
programming per week — will feature people you’ve heard of, like Madonna,
Jay-Z, Ashton Kutcher and “Modern Family” star Sofia Vergara. But the channels
aren’t all premised around the idea of celebrities and Hollywood per se — just
the idea that someone with some idea of how to make good stuff will start
making stuff specifically for the site. For instance, BedRocket Properties,
the video start-up backed by the Huffington Post’s Ken Lerer and run by cable
TV veteran Brian Bedol, will do four channels, including a soccer-themed
channel in conjunction with Major League Soccer, and an action sports channel
produced along with Wasserman Media Group. Another example: IGN, the videogame
Web site being spun off by News Corp., will produce a game-themed channel
along with the Shine Group, the TV production house recently purchased by News
Corp. (News Corp. also owns this Web site). It’s worth noting that some of the
channels will be run by people who are well-versed in creating Web video — and
video for YouTube in particular. Machinima, for instance, which also
specializes in game-themed stuff, is already one of YouTube’s most prolific
partners, and essentially runs a network within YouTube’s network. Maker
Studios, which is producing three channels, is another outfit that already
specializes in YouTube. And Demand Media went public this year, in part
because it had figured out the art of cranking out Web videos very, very,
quickly, at very, very low prices. YouTube may not be releasing all of the
channels and partners today, perhaps because it doesn’t actually have all of
its deals signed yet. And at least one partner told me that some of the
mechanics of the deals, like control of ad sales, had yet to be worked out.
That’s hard to imagine, given the amount of time that YouTube has been at
this. But it’s also hard to imagine why you’d announce a big consumer-focused
deal at the end of a Friday. So, who knows. We do know the general outlines of
the deals, though: Google will advance most of the creators up to $5 million,
and in return will get commitments to produce a couple hours of programming a
week for the channel. Once the programmers have earned back their advance from
YouTube, they’ll split ad revenue with the site. The programming will be
exclusive to YouTube for at least the first year of the three-year deals. What
we don’t know is how this stuff will actually work: $5 million won’t go very
far if the partners use traditional TV and film budgets, so many of the
partners are going to have to supplement that money with investments of their
own — and they’re going to have to work on a tighter budget. And just because
there’s a bit of Hollywood shine associated with this stuff doesn’t mean that
people will actually watch — or, most crucially, that advertisers will pay up.
Google may also try other methods to get high-end video stuff. The company
made a stab at Hulu when that video site was on the block. And it has
indicated that it’s interested in licensing some content in international
markets, where it thinks it can get more bang for its buck. Tagged with:
Ashton Kutcher, Bedrocket, Brian Bedol, Casey Wasserman, Demand Media,
Hollywood, Huffington Post, IGN, Jay-Z, Ken Lerer, Machinima, Madonna, Maker
Studios, movies, News Corp., Robert Kyncl, Shine, Sofia Vergara, TV, YouTube
Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While You’re Watching
TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost) No One Is
Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays! Facebook
Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Music-
Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT Netflix
Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White Help AMC
Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version