WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Liveblogging Yahoo's Third-Quarter Conference
Call: Bartz "Came Down With Something," and CFO Carries On (and On and On and
On) October 20, 2009 at 2:15 pm PT Tweet Share Print Uh-oh, Yahoo CEO Carol
Bartz was expected to appear on the Internet giant’s third-quarter earnings
call, but she has apparently “came down with something,” according to CFO Tim
Morse. BoomTown is sending over chicken soup right now, but let’s hope she
gets her vaccinations tout de suite! Worst of all, no sassy quotes or cursing,
replaced by a very earnest Morse, who sounded like he was once a Boy Scout.
After the markets closed, Yahoo reported better-than-expected earnings on
still lackluster revenues. Overall, the conference call boiled down to one
quote from Morse that seems to have been selected as the Yahoo (YHOO) buzzword
of the moment: “The theme for third quarter was stabilization.” 2:02 pm PDT:
Investor stuff from guy who sounded like a robot that I completely ignored,
since I was much more interested in a conversation between two women about a
bad date this past weekend, which I eavesdropped on in its entirety while
liveblogging from a Starbucks (SBUX) in San Francisco. By the way, the man
whom the ladies are ripping was a very unstable date! 2:04 pm: Morse jumped on
and gave everyone the bad news about Bartz being sick and the good news about
the better-than-expected net income, while also updating all the various
happenings of the quarter. “I am happy to report that our Q3 revenue came in
above our guidance range,” said Morse, who sounded somewhat jaunty. Morse
reeled off numbers, numbers and more numbers, some stuff about the new
marketing campaign ($18 million spent so far and $45 million in the next
quarter!) and other stuff about the cost cuts and fourth-quarter guidance.
Also, no sale of the company’s Alibaba in China or the Yahoo! Japan stake,
thank you very much! 2:12 pm: Morse also gave a quick update about the search
and online advertising partnership Yahoo has struck with Microsoft (MSFT). His
message: The Silicon Vally Internet icon is not out of search, because it is
not about the algorithm, but a better search product. Tim, you might want to
roll that claim back, especially since you also might want to notice how well
Google (GOOG) has done with its giant math-brains in the search business.
Morse tried mightily to channel Bartz on search, using a comparison she has
made about the Intel (INTC) chip, which is widely used by computer makers.
Said Morse, it’s the “differentiation” that matters! I wonder if Yahoo will
keep repeating that one, even as its search share continues to decline. But
Morse did make a funny about how many ex-Yahoos are on the Microsoft payroll
now, so the partnership transition should go smoothly. Well, there’s that!
2:28 pm: Morse mentioned Yahoo’s analysts day next week, and then opened up
the call to questions. Analysts always ask very dull questions at earnings
calls and this one proved no different. The first was about display run rate
and about the search market in comparison to Google. What’s the good word?
Stabilization, of course! The next question was about eBay (EBAY), which seems
far from the point. Morse agreed and cut it short. Then, a question about
guaranteed placement and stock buybacks. Zzzzzzzzz–even Morse sounded bored.
The Starbucks lovelorn ladies had left by now, so I was too. 2:37 pm: The next
question concerned the affiliate business and how it might be affected by the
Microsoft deal. I immediately summoned the barista, since it was clearly time
for a double espresso! A question came next about when the display ad business
would recover from the econalypse. Morse: Stabilization! Then, a query about
gross margins and whether they can be maintained. Morse was not saying, except
to point out that there was a “good, old-fashioned, get-your-hands-dirty”
attitude at work at Yahoo now about watching costs. I was suddenly worried
about dirty-handed Yahoos, just when the CEO is sick! Use Purell, please–or
suffer the wrath of Judy! 2:43 pm: Another question on ad sales and quality.
Thus, I moved onto mainlining coffee beans en masse. I long for a visit from
Juan Valdez! Then, a question about Q4 guidance, which was not good enough for
one analyst, who wanted more. Morse did not really bite, although he talked a
lot. Next, a question about slow-growing page views and what was Yahoo
planning to sell of its various assets. Morse tried to be all silver-lining
about page views and would not talk about specific divestitures (nor did he
mention the appointment of a new head of Yahoo M&A;). “We continue to look at
the landscape,” he said. What about more job cuts or hiring, since Yahoo added
200 people in the quarter? Morse noted Yahoo was staying strong in tech talent
and was “putting feet on the street” in advertising. Also something about paid
inclusion, but a new person at Starbucks was having a really good cellphone
argument, so I zoned out of Morse-talk for a second! 2:56 pm: A question about
premium and nonpremium inventory. Looks good on premium, said Morse. The next
query was about the different metrics between the new and old homepage, as
well as a request for more info about the analyst day next week. Morse refused
to “steal my own thunder” on what is going to happen there. But, there will be
thunder? I am always dubious when it comes to Yahoo and thunder. As for the
homepage, Morse said Yahoo was still evaluating the performance. 2:58 pm:
Mobile. Aaaaaghhh, another chance for Morse to say not much about anything
substantive. Morse: Better and more established! Translation: No moolah yet! A
head count question. Will improvement come from cost cuts due to the Microsoft
deal or revenue improvements? Three guesses and the first two don’t count.
Thanks for the row-boatloads of money, Microsoft! Something about bookings and
small-to-medium businesses. Morse did not understand the question and neither
did I. Next, a question on search monetization, which has weakened. Answer:
Stabilization! 3:02 pm: A question about the new $100 million branding
campaign. Morse: “It’s very, very early.” Some deal question and then one
about behaviorial targeting, which Morse said will apparently be a “lifeblood”
of the future. Incredibly, Morse has gone hog-wild chatty with Bartz laid low
and is asking for more questions, without making one good joke or salty remark
yet. I was completely losing it when it gets to ad exchange details and not as
coffee-saturated as I needed to be. Finally, the LAST question: Another one
about divestiture and acquisition. As if Morse was going to answer, referring
instead–as he has many times in the call–to his “script.” Yahoo will buy
stuff, Yahoo will sell stuff, but pretty much a no-comment! And on that
note…Carol: Please, pretty please GET WELL SOON! Until then, here is a
minidose of Bartz, via video snippets from an interview with me at the seventh
D: All Things Digital conference. Her lively tone seen here at D7 would have
been a good thing at today’s earnings call: (And, here is a link to Yahoo’s
presentation of its financial highlights, for those with a hankering for even
more numbers.) Tagged with: acquisition, advertising, algorithm, Alibaba,
analyst, behavorial targeting, boatload, BoomTown, California, campaign, Carol
Bartz, cellphone, China, coffee, conference, conference call, cost, cut, D:
All Things Digital, differentiation, digital, display, divestiture, earnings,
eBay, econalypse, financial, Google, guidance, home page, Intel, Internet,
interview, inventory, Juan Valdez, Kara Swisher, liveblogging, M&A;,
marketing, Microsoft, monetization, number, page view, partnership, premium,
product, Purell, Q3, Q4, question, revenue, San Francisco, script, search,
share, sick, Silicon Valley, stabilization, stake, Starbucks, stock, third
quarter, Thunder, Tim Morse, video, Yahoo, Yahoo Japan You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT D7 Conference All D Conferences Coverage Media
Photo Gallery Schedule Speakers Videos Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » D: All Things Digital Conferences The D
Conference D11 D10 D9 D8 D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 Dive Into Mobile Dive Into
Mobile 2013 Dive Into Mobile 2010 Dive Into Media Dive Into Media 2013 Dive
Into Media 2012 AsiaD D Conference Mailing List Sign up for News about D
Conferences Subscribe The joke now is what’s the first tech company that we
acquire. I hear AOL’s going pretty cheap.— David Karp, founder of Tumblr, to
the Guardian’s Josh Halliday AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is
a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet
and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion
of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version