Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us PRIVACY
SHIELD PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date: October 4, 2018 This Privacy Shield
Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data (as defined below) transferred from
countries that are members of the European Union (EU) or from Switzerland to
Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (“Adaptive” or “we” or “us”) in the
United States in reliance on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework or the
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, respectively. To learn more about the
Privacy Shield Framework, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. The
scope of this Policy is distinct from other privacy policies that Adaptive
maintains, including the Adaptive Online Privacy Policy, and Adaptive’s HIPAA
Notice of Privacy Practices (applicable to health information that we collect
in conjunction with our clinical laboratory businesses). Please refer to those
other privacy policies to learn about our treatment of Personal Data collected
in those other contexts. Adaptive has certified with the U.S. Department of
Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice; Choice;
Accountability for Onward Transfer; Security; Data Integrity and Purpose
Limitation; Access; and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability. For more
information about these Principles, or how to enforce your rights, please
contact: privacy@adaptivebiotech.com. You may find our certification page at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list. If there is any conflict between the
policies in this Privacy Shield Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield
Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles will govern. For purposes of
enforcing compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Adaptive is subject
to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission. Adaptive commits its cooperation with EU data protection
authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information
Commissioner (FDPIC) with regards to disputes over human resources data
transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment
relationship. Adaptive will comply with any advice provided by such
authorities as it relates to pertinent activities. We may update this Policy
from time to time consistent with the requirements of the Privacy Shield
Framework, and we will provide appropriate notice of an such amendments on the
Adaptive website Legal-Privacy page, https://www.adaptivebiotech.com/legal-
privacy. I. DEFINITIONS “Data Subject” means the individual to whom any given
Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy refers. “Personal Data”
means any information relating to an individual residing in the European Union
or Switzerland that can be used to identify that individual either on its own
or in combination with other readily available data. “Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data regarding an individual’s racial or ethnic origin,
political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union
membership, physical or mental health, or sexual life. II. TYPES OF PERSONAL
DATA ADAPTIVE RECEIVES FROM THE EU AND SWITZERLAND The Personal Data that
Adaptive may collect in reliance on this Privacy Shield Privacy Policy
includes individual contact information, health information (which we treat as
Sensitive Personal Data), certain financial information which may include
payment account information, and information on personal preferences and
demographics. Additionally, Adaptive may collect information relating to an
expression of interest in employment and background checks. III. PURPOSES FOR
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION AND USE Adaptive obtains Personal Data in reliance on
this Privacy Shield Privacy Policy in order to: Conduct research and
development Undertake product development Perform contracts and services
Conduct healthcare operations Engage in marketing and sales, with proper
consent De-identify or anonymize the information so it is no longer Personal
Data and may be used for purposes other than those described here. Consider
expressions of interest for employment and evaluate candidates and, if hired,
employees. Adaptive maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that EU
and/or Swiss Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate,
complete, and current. If Adaptive seeks to use Personal Data covered by this
Privacy Shield Policy for a new purpose that is materially different from that
for which the Personal Data was originally collected or subsequently
authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party, Adaptive will
provide Data Subjects with an opportunity to choose whether to have their
Personal Data so used or disclosed. Adaptive takes reasonable and appropriate
measures to retain Personal Data in identifiable form only for as long as it
serves a purpose of legitimate use or other processing. IV. PURPOSES FOR
SHARING AND RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA A. Third-Party Agents and Service
Providers: We share Personal Data with unaffiliated third parties who provide
us with services, such as those who assist us with technology, data analysis,
or similar services. Where required by the Privacy Shield, we enter into
written agreements with those third-party agents and service providers
requiring them to provide at least the same level of protection that the
Privacy Shield requires and limiting their use of the data to the specified
services provided on our behalf. We take reasonable and appropriate steps (i)
to ensure that third party agents and service providers process EU and/or
Swiss Personal Data in accordance with our Privacy Shield obligations and (ii)
to cease and remediate the adverse effects of any unauthorized processing.
Under certain circumstances, we may remain liable for the acts of our third-
party agents or service providers that perform services on our behalf for
their handling of EU and/or Swiss Personal Data that we transfer to them. B.
Third-Party Data Controllers: In some cases, we may transfer EU and/or Swiss
Personal Data to unaffiliated third-party data controllers. These third
parties do not act as agents or service providers and are not performing
functions on our behalf. We will make such transfers only if the third party
has given us contractual assurances that it will (i) process the Personal Data
for limited and specified purposes consistent with any consent provided by or
notice provided to the Data Subjects, (ii) provide at least the same level of
protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles and notify us if it
makes a determination that it cannot do so; and (iii) cease processing of the
Personal Data or take other reasonable and appropriate steps to remediate if
it makes such a determination. If we obtain knowledge that a third party
acting as a controller is processing Personal Data covered by this Privacy
Shield Policy in a way that is contrary to the Privacy Shield Principles,
Adaptive will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such processing. The
third-party data controllers to whom we may disclose Personal Data include but
are not limited to: Research and Development Partners. Acquirers or Assignees:
In the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment,
transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Adaptive or its assets,
we may transfer Personal Information to the acquiring party or assignee.
Corporate Investment Partners. C. Entities Entitled Under Law: We also may
disclose Personal Data in the following circumstances: (i) when required by
applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (ii) to
comply with legal process (iii) to respond to requests from public and
government authorities; (iv) to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements, or (v) to evaluate job candidates, check references or
background, and if hired, regarding employment. V. DATA SUBJECTS’ ACCESS TO
THEIR PERSONAL DATA Each Data Subject has the right to access the Personal
Data Adaptive has obtained regarding he or she in reliance on the Privacy
Shield and to request that we correct, amend, or delete that Personal Data if
it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Privacy Shield. These access
rights may not apply in some cases, including where providing access is
unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances or where it would
violate the rights of someone other than the individual requesting access. If
you would like to request access to, correction, amendment, alternative choice
of opt-in/out, or deletion of your EU and/or Swiss Personal Data, you can
submit a written request to us as indicated in the “Contacting Us” section of
this Policy below. We may request specific information from you to confirm
your identity in order to respond to such a request. In some circumstances we
may charge a reasonable fee for access to your information. If your EU and/or
Swiss Personal Data was provided to us by an Adaptive customer, we may
facilitate your access to such data by directing you to the customer that
provided your data to us. VI. SECURITY Adaptive maintains reasonable and
appropriate security measures to protect EU and/or Swiss Personal Data from
loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction in
accordance with the Privacy Shield Framework. VII. COMPLAINTS AND MECHANISMS
FOR RECOURSE Each Data Subject may raise questions or complaints about the use
or disclosure of their EU and/or Swiss Personal Data in conformance with the
Privacy Shield Principles. If you have any such questions or complaints,
please write to us as directed in the “Contacting Us” section of this Policy
below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes
regarding the use or disclosure of your EU and/or Swiss Personal Data within
45 days of receiving your complaint. If you have an unresolved privacy or data
use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our
U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS (free of charge) at
https://jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. Under certain conditions detailed in
the Privacy Shield, Data Subjects may be able to invoke binding arbitration
before the Privacy Shield Panel to be created by the U.S. Department of
Commerce and the European Commission. Information on the conditions for and
steps necessary to pursue this option is available at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction. VIII.
CONTACTING US If you have any questions or concerns related to this Privacy
Policy or the information practices of this organization, please write to us
at: Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation Attn: Kate Godfrey, JD, CCEP VP,
Compliance and Data Privacy Officer 1551 Eastlake Avenue East, Suite 200
Seattle, Washington 98102 USA Email to: privacy@adaptivebiotech.com
Corporate/Research (855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling
PlatformPlatform Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES
RESEARCH immunoSEQ® CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY
Cellular Therapy Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map
Biopharma Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture
Careers News & Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights
Reserved. Terms of Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA
Policy Code of Conduct Patents & Trademarks Licenses