WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka The Twitterhack Is Cloud Computing’s Wake-Up Call: Time
for Security That Works July 15, 2009 at 5:51 am PT Tweet Share Print One
downside of being the world’s most talked-about start-up: You become an
irresistible target for hackers. Now Twitter, which has suffered multiple
security breaches in the past, has been punctured again. Someone has gotten
into the personal Web services accounts of co-founder Evan Williams, his wife
and at least one other Twitter employee, and used that access to make off with
a pile of confidential company documents. He’s now distributing them on the
Web, and TechCrunch promises to publish many of them. The media ethics
colloquy is well underway and will go on for a while (Boomtown’s Kara Swisher
is holding her session, appropriately enough, via Twitter). Beyond that, I’m
pretty sure Twitter is going to be okay when this dies down. Based on
Williams’s description of the attack (see the bottom of this post), as well as
both TechCrunch’s and the hacker’s descriptions of what got pilfered, this
looks roughly akin to having your underwear drawer rifled: Embarrassing, but
no one’s really going to be surprised about what’s in there. The hack
certainly will be worrisome for people who are using, or thinking about using,
any kind of “cloud computing,” whereby work data/documents are stored on
servers accessed via the Web. Google (GOOG) in particular is going to get some
scrutiny, both because it’s Google and because it appears that a lot of this
stuff was stolen after the hacker used Google’s “password recovery” system to
root around. UPDATE: Twitter is now going out of its way to say that the
attack isn’t Google’s fault, but Twitter’s fault for using passwords that are
easy to guess. Albert Wenger, a partner at Twitter investor Union Square
Ventures, says in a post that his shop is currently considering moving its
systems to Gmail and Google Docs, but notes the big problem: “The threat of
access by a third party increases exponentially with the move to the cloud,
because the machines that now contain the documents and the links to those
documents (as sent by email) are accessible to the Internet at large.” But
cloud computing isn’t going away, so someone’s going to need to figure out how
to make security better, yet still practical. There’s a reason no one follows
the standard advice about having a different, impossible-to-remember password
for every account you have. Wenger takes a stab at it in post–he suggests
something tethered to a mobile phone. But whoever figures it out is going to
have a lot of fans. Williams’s description of the hack, via TechCrunch: Yes,
we did suffer an attack a few weeks ago and are familiar with this list of
stuff. This is unrelated to the hack of twitter where someone gained access to
user’s accounts. This had nothing to do with the security of twitter.com, and
there were no user accounts compromised here. Some notes: – He did not
actually gain access to my @ev Twitter account (or any Twitter accounts) nor
any administrative functions of the site. – There is also no evidence that he
gained access to my email. There was one administrative employee who’s email
was compromised, as was my wife’s Gmail account, which is where he got access
to some of my credit cards and other information. – He also successfully
targeted a couple other employees personal accounts (Amazon, AT&T;, Paypal…)
In general, most of the sensitive information was personal rather than
company-related. Obviously, this was highly distressing to myself, my wife,
and other Twitter employees who were attacked. It was a good lesson for us
that we are being targeted because we work for Twitter. We have taken extra
steps to increase our security, but we know we can never be entirely
comfortable with what we share via email. [Image credit: Wikimedia Commons]
Tagged with: access, Albert Wenger, Amazon, AT&T;, attack, BoomTown, breach,
cloud computing, cloud feature, confidential, digital, email, ethics, Evan
Williams, Gmail, Google, Google Docs, hack, hackers, Internet, Kara Swisher,
mobile phone, password, password recovery, PayPal, Peter Kafka, search,
security, software, Start-up, Target, TechCrunch, Twitter, Union Square
Ventures, Web Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV, While
You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT (Almost)
No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy Holidays!
Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00 am PT
Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm PT
Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter White
Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest Video
View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget
you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4
weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.— From the fact sheet for a
fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box)
placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version