WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Carl Icahn Now Owns about $2.5 Billion Worth
of Apple Shares November 15, 2013 at 5:25 am PT Tweet Share Print Carl Icahn,
the billionaire activist investor who spent most of the year trying but
ultimately failing to get control of Dell, said in a regulatory filing that he
has boosted his holdings of Apple. In a filing with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, Icahn’s company, Icahn Enterprises, disclosed an Apple
stake worth nearly $1.9 billion as of Sept. 30. But in a letter to Apple CEO
Tim Cook, released to shareholders last month, Icahn disclosed that his stake
has grown to 4.7 million shares, which, as of yesterday’s closing price, would
be worth $2.5 billion. That’s not a large enough stake to make Icahn one of
Apple’s Top 10 institutional shareholders, but if Icahn Enterprises were a
mutual fund, it would rank seventh. (For the record, Apple’s largest single
shareholder is mutual-fund giant Vanguard Group, which, as of Sept. 30, owned
about 44 million shares, or about five percent of the shares outstanding,
worth about $23.2 billion.) Icahn has been bugging Cook to boost Apple’s share
buyback to $150 billion, arguing that doing so is a “no brainer.” The pair had
dinner together on Sept. 30 to discuss the idea. Apple has opted instead to
stand pat on its $60 billion buyback plan — one since endorsed by investor
Warren Buffett — and said that, including dividend payments, it is on track to
return about $100 billion to shareholders. Its buyback program is the largest
ever announced. During the last five quarters, Apple has bought back shares
and paid dividends worth a combined $36 billion. Of that, $2.8 billion in
dividends and $5 billion worth of buybacks occurred last quarter. Icahn
reiterated his position on the buyback in the letter, which you can read in
full, below: “Our criticism relates to one thing only: the size and timeframe
of Apple’s buyback program. It is obvious to us that it should be much bigger
and immediate.” His point is that Apple is undervalued. Once you back out its
cash position — now $147 billion — it trades at a valuation of only nine times
forward earnings, versus a ratio of 14 times forward earnings for the rest of
the companies listed in the Standard & Poor’s 500. Icahn argues that the
buyback he proposes — which would be financed with a combination of cash on
hand and debt — would have the long-term effect of boosting Apple’s share
price to as high as $1,250 a share. But the moment won’t last, he argues,
because Apple’s share price may not stay this low for long. “The timing for a
larger buyback is still ripe, but the opportunity will not last forever.”
Here’s the letter: October 24, 2013 by Carl Icahn Carl C. Icahn Chairman Icahn
Enterprises 767 5th Avenue, Suite 4700 New York, NY 10153 October 23, 2013 Tim
Cook CEO Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop Cupertino, CA 95014 Dear Tim: It was a
pleasure meeting you for dinner at the end of September. When we met, my
affiliates and I owned 3,875,063 shares of Apple. As of this morning, we owned
4,730,739 shares of Apple, an increase of 22% in position size, reflecting our
belief the market continues to dramatically undervalue the company, even when
taking into account the recent market appreciation, which in turn makes our
proposal unchanged with respect to a $150 Billion buyback. We were pleased to
hear at our dinner that you appreciated our input and that you would speak to
us again in three weeks to continue the dialogue. In anticipation of doing so
soon, we aim to reiterate in this letter the point of view already expressed
to you directly with the hope of effectively summarizing it for the company’s
board of directors and our fellow shareholders. From our perspective, Apple is
the world’s greatest consumer product innovator and has one of the strongest
and most respected brand names in history. We consider Apple to be our most
compelling investment. I first informed my followers on Twitter on August 13,
2013 of my “large position.” I also expressed to you my opinion that “a larger
buyback should be done now.” At that time, we owned 3,448,663 shares and the
stock price was $467. Since then we have purchased an incremental 1,282,076
shares (bringing the total value of my position to $2.5 Billion) and we
currently intend to buy more. We want to be very clear that we could not be
more supportive of you, the existing management team, the culture at Apple and
the innovative spirit it engenders. The criticism we have as shareholders has
nothing to do with your management leadership or operational strategy. Our
criticism relates to one thing only: the size and timeframe of Apple’s buyback
program. It is obvious to us that it should be much bigger and immediate. When
we met, you agreed with us that the shares are undervalued. In our view,
irrational undervaluation as dramatic as this is often a short term anomaly.
The timing for a larger buyback is still ripe, but the opportunity will not
last forever. While the board’s actions to date ($60 billion share repurchase
over three years) may seem like a large buyback, it is simply not large enough
given that Apple currently holds $147 billion of cash on its balance sheet,
and that it will generate $51 billion of EBIT next year (Wall Street consensus
forecast). The S&P; 500 trades at roughly 14x forward earnings. After backing
off net cash, Apple trades at just 9x (not factoring into account that the
company has a significantly lower cash tax rate than the rate Wall Street
analysts use). This discount (cash adjusted) becomes even more compelling
given our confidence that Apple will grow earnings per share at a rate well in
excess of the S&P; 500 for the foreseeable future. With such an enormous
valuation gap and such a massive amount of cash on the balance sheet, we find
it difficult to imagine why the board would not move more aggressively to buy
back stock by immediately announcing a $150 Billion tender offer (financed
with debt or a mix of debt and cash on the balance sheet). While this would
certainly be unprecedented because of its size, it is actually appropriate and
manageable relative to the size and financial strength of your company. Apple
generates more than enough cash flow to service this amount of debt and has
$147 billion of cash in the bank. As we proposed at our dinner, if the company
decided to borrow the full $150 billion at a 3% interest rate to commence a
tender at $525 per share, the result would be an immediate 33% boost to
earnings per share, translating into a 33% increase in the value of the
shares, which significantly assumes no multiple expansion. Longer term (in
three years) if you execute this buyback as proposed, we expect the share
price to appreciate to $1,250, assuming the market rewards EBIT growth of 7.5%
per year with a more normal market multiple of 11x EBIT. It is our belief that
a company’s board has a responsibility to recognize opportunities to increase
shareholder value, which includes allocating capital to execute large and
well-timed buybacks. Apple’s Board of Directors does not currently include an
individual with a track record as an investment professional. In my opinion,
any further delay in executing the buyback we hereby propose will reflect this
lack of expertise on the board. My firm’s success and my expertise as an
investor would be difficult for anyone to argue. Per my investment thesis,
commencing this buyback immediately would ultimately result in further stock
appreciation of 140% for the shareholders who choose not to sell into the
proposed tender offer. Furthermore, to invalidate any possible criticism that
I would not stand by this thesis in terms of its long term benefit to
shareholders, I hereby agree to withhold my shares from the proposed $150
Billion tender offer. There is nothing short term about my intentions here.
Sincerely, Carl Icahn Chairman, Icahn Enterprises (IEP) Tagged with: Apple,
ATD Facebook, Carl Icahn, dividends, investors, share buyback, shareholder
activisim, shareholder activist, Tim Cook Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » The problem with
the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper collapse has always been that
billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of authority-questioning journalism
that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum, writing in the Columbia Journalism
Review about the promise of Pierre Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn
Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version