WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl A Trillion and Change: That’s How Much
Emerging Markets Will Spend on IT in 2012 April 3, 2012 at 9:52 am PT Tweet
Share Print We’ve been hearing for years how the emerging economies of the
world are, well, not only emerging, but growing like weeds in a fertilizer
factory. Now we have some idea of what that actually means, courtesy of the
tech research firm Gartner: Collectively, countries that fit into the
“emerging” category will spend a cool $1.22 trillion on IT — professional and
consumer technologies combined — this year. Now you understand why executives
at large tech companies like Intel, IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Cisco Systems get
so excited when they talk about places like Brazil, India and elsewhere.
Brazil in particular is just a big part of a surging Latin American region,
Gartner says, where spending will total $326 billion; nearly half of that in
the professional sector, the other half in consumer. By adding Mexico, Gartner
also adds a fifth member to the four-country BRIC club comprised of Brazil,
Russia, India and China. The five countries that make up the BRIMC club will
account for 17 percent, or $658 billion, of IT spending this year, the firm
says. The Asia Pacific Region will account for the most among the emerging
economies: $496 billion. The Middle East and Africa will account for $244
billion in spending, more than a third of that coming from Saudi Arabia,
Turkey and South Africa. Central and Eastern Europe, led by Russia and
followed by Poland and the Czech Republic, will account for $158 billion. Luis
Anavitarte, the Gartner analyst who led the study, says that while that seems
like an awful lot of healthy spending, buyers are still cautious. He said in a
statement that he expects to see aggressive efforts made to go after new
consumer buyers in all of these countries, which brings to mind Apple’s
aggressive retail push in China. Also, expect to see a lot of spending on
cloud computing and mobile technologies at the office. (Image taken from what
someone thinks a trillion-dollar bill might look like. Of course, no such bill
exists.) Tagged with: cloud computing, data centers, enterprise hardware,
enterprise software, Gartner, information technology, IT, services, storage
Apple Denies Working with NSA on iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am
PT You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December
30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December
30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped
Technology of the Year December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by
Syrian Pro-Government Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version