WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Mike Isaac ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @MikeIsaac Recent
Posts by Mike Isaac Aiming for the Real-Time Interest Graph, Facebook to
Introduce Hashtags June 12, 2013 at 10:30 am PT Tweet Share Print Imitation is
indeed the sincerest form of flattery. And Twitter should be very flattered
right now. As we reported in March, Facebook plans to introduce the hashtag
symbol to its network, effectively stepping in on territory long occupied by
Twitter, the company that made the simple symbol a major part of online social
communications. Over the past seven years, the hashtag has slowly but surely
invaded technological parlance. It’s a way of organizing themes, topics or
thoughts into categories, a label that anyone can apply to their social
sharing. To be sure, a number of social services use the symbol today — from
Tumblr and Pinterest to Google’s recent impressive incorporation of hashtags
in Google+ — but Twitter is largely credited with the rise of the hashtag. And
in a time where content spreads virally in real time — think about the spread
of information in the “Boston bombing” — ideas like the hashtag are a way for
a user to navigate the ceaseless flood of status updates and information and
drill down on a particular topic. “Whether it’s talking about a favorite
television show, cheering on a hometown sports team or engaging with friends
during a breaking news event, people on Facebook connect with their friends
about what’s taking place all over the world,” Facebook product manager Greg
Lindley said in a blog post on Wednesday. “To date, there has not been a
simple way to see the larger view of what’s happening or what people are
talking about. To bring these conversations more to the forefront, we will be
rolling out a series of features that surface some of the interesting
discussions people are having about public events, people, and topics. As a
first step, we are beginning to roll out hashtags on Facebook.” So, in a
sense, it’s Facebook’s tacit admission that, yes, Twitter has tapped into a
smart way of connecting with the masses in a fairly simple fashion. Consider
this, too: Lindley said that Facebook has anywhere between 88 million to 100
million Americans actively using Facebook during prime-time television hours,
“roughly a Super Bowl-sized audience every single night.” This is exactly the
audience Twitter’s ad guys are going after with Twitter’s “second screen”
pitch. Note that Twitter CEO Dick Costolo’s constant argument is that while
you sit down in front of the television to watch the big game, the Oscars or
whatever, Twitter is the place to go for real-time conversation. It’s also the
perfect moment, Twitter would argue, to serve up a relevant ad related to the
hashtag you’re tweeting about. Twitter, by the way, declined to comment.
Facebook would love to cash in on those potential ad dollars but, unless
you’re considering Instagram — which is often used by people during live
events — Facebook isn’t popularly known as the go-to place for real-time
conversation in the way that Twitter is. Now, obviously, Facebook wants to be
that place. But that’s a tough move for Facebook because of the very nature of
its network. This is a company that made its first inroads into social with a
more private social network pitch, in contrast to Twitter’s entirely public
realm. To be able to navigate subject matter by hashtag inside of Facebook is
something of a shift. Facebook, however, has been all about shifts over the
past year. It made serious privacy-settings changes at the end of 2012, taking
a more public stance on user profiles and making them all searchable.
Publicness is something Facebook wants to slowly, carefully push its users
toward (whether they want it or not). It’s somewhat funny, too, considering
how often Costolo admits that Twitter has a language and complication problem;
as popular as hashtags have become for the service, they’ve also made Twitter
somewhat inscrutable to the non-tech-savvy, the newcomers to the service who
Twitter so desperately wants to court. It’ll be interesting to see if Facebook
will have these same struggles. But, on that note, it could end up being a
helpful thing for Twitter, in that the increased prevalence of the hashtag on
Facebook could make it more common, and thereby easier to understand for
people in general. Facebook’s Lindley said there are more types of discovery
and surfacing tools to come in the future. @Facebook, anyone? Tagged with:
Dick Costolo, Facebook, Greg Lindley, hashtags, Twitter In Wake of Delivery
Delays, Amazon Offers Gift Cards to Customers December 26, 2013 at 12:11 pm PT
RapGenius and Google: Tales in Growth Hacking Gone Wrong December 26, 2013 at
9:52 am PT Twitter Stock Has a Very Merry Christmas December 26, 2013 at 6:45
am PT Freshdesk Nabs $7 Million Series C December 19, 2013 at 4:30 am PT
Tweets Are the New Black: NYT Reporter’s Twitter Book to Be Made for TV
December 18, 2013 at 9:57 am PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version