WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher AOL Layoffs Memo: BoomTown Decodes the Memo, So
You Don’t Have To! October 16, 2007 at 1:45 am PT Tweet Share Print Yesterday,
BoomTown broke the official news that 2,000 employees (out of 10,000
worldwide) would be made redundant at AOL. Sure, we’ve asked for the
obligatory on-the-record interview with CEO Randy Falco (pictured here), who
made the announcement of the layoffs. But while we’re waiting by the phone, we
need to get busy. Thus, to continue our quest to clarify the muddy-waters
situation at the long-struggling Internet portal, we are going to decode the
memo Falco sent out to AOL’s troops. (Back in late August, we also translated
a memo from Yahoo President Sue Decker about its reorganization of
management.) Here’s my take on Randy’s take: Randy wrote: Dear AOL colleague,
Translation: Um, what was your name, again? Randy wrote: Just over a year ago,
AOL embarked on an incredibly complex and significant transformation as we
fundamentally shifted our business model from a subscription-based ISP to an
advertising-supported Web company. Translation: Those where the days, my
friend, we thought they’d never end, we’d sing and dance forever and a day. We
lived the life we’d choose. We’d fight and never lose, for we were young and
sure to have our way. Damn you, Steve Case! Randy wrote: Today, I want to give
you an update on where we are in this transition, and talk about further
actions we’re taking and where we’re headed as a company. Translation: Here’s
a nice cardboard box! Fill it with your things, and pretend it’s just like
Christmas! Curses to you, Bob Pittman! Randy wrote: When I came to AOL, I knew
we had to take several steps to complete our company’s transformation.
Translation: That smooth-talking Jeff Bewkes said it would be a walk in the
park compared to selling ads for a dying television network. Fie on Myer
Berlow’s bowl-making! Randy wrote: We aggressively expanded our advertising
capabilities, building on the strength of Advertising.com and our premium ad
sales force. We acquired three leading-edge advertising companies–ADTECH,
Third Screen Media and TACODA–and formed Platform-A. AOL now has one of the
largest and most sophisticated ad networks in the world, and we’re well
positioned to compete where the ad market is heading. Translation: Let’s try
hard not to give former CEO Jon Miller any credit whatsoever for the prescient
move of buying Advertising.com, the site that has saved our collective bacon.
That Kenny Lerer’s lucky he has Arianna to protect him! Randy wrote: We
rebuilt and revitalized our key products, programming channels and platforms.
And unique visitors to AOL.com, News, Food, Money & Finance, TMZ, Moviefone,
MapQuest and many other sites are up. Our products are once again creating
buzz in the market. And to reach the widest audience possible across the Web,
we’re unbundling our products and programming so users can take them along
wherever they go online. Translation: No walled garden? The kids like these
newfangled widgets? Thank God for the trifecta of celebrity meltdowns–Paris
Hilton, Lindsay Lohan and Britney Spears–for keeping TMZ in traffic! Now if I
could only get Miles Gilburne in a room with Danny Bonaduce! Randy wrote:
Importantly, we’re taking the business global. We’re extending AOL’s reach
into seven new countries this year while globalizing our product development
efforts. By the end of next year, AOL will have a presence in 30 countries.
That’s a remarkable achievement in a relatively short period of time.
Translation: Yes, I am sure the Chinese haven’t quite figured out that AOL now
stands for An Old Lady (of the Web). Oh, you’ll get yours, David Colburn!
Randy wrote: We refocused the business around three core areas–Platform-A,
Publishing and Access–and are now managing these as three distinct but related
components. Here’s why this is important. With Platform-A, we can offer
advertisers the most advanced set of solutions across our extensive network of
owned-and-operated sites and third-party sites. Publishing provides us the
products, programming and platforms we need to sustain a healthy owned-and-
operated network. And our Access business continues to be profitable,
providing us cash flow to invest in other areas of the business, and it’s an
important source of primary emails and page views. Translation: I am fairly
certain those annoying nerds at Google can’t just decimate us with their solar
death rays in these arenas. Plus, what idiot is going to get into the access
business? I’d like to give Matt Korn a busy signal! Randy wrote: The last
important piece in this transition is the realignment of our costs against
these three businesses so we can operate as efficiently and effectively as
possible. This is in many ways the most difficult step, but a necessary one.
Translation: Here it comes… Randy wrote: As a part of this realignment,
tomorrow we begin a reduction in force that will, over the next couple of
months, affect a total of about 2,000 people out of our worldwide workforce of
10,000. Translation: Ouch. That hurt. Well, you, not me. Randy wrote: Everyone
impacted by this reduction deserves our thanks and respect for their
contributions to the company. We will aid these individuals in their
transition to new opportunities as much as possible, most importantly with
what we believe are generous severance packages. Translation: Free AOL access
for all! Oh, it is free! Well, freeeeeeeeeer! Randy wrote: This realignment
will allow us to increase investment in high-growth areas of the company–as an
example, we added hundreds of people this year through acquisitions–while
scaling back in areas with less growth potential or those that aren’t core to
our business, as we did with the sale of Tegic. Translation: This is worse
than not being able to program Thursday night! Randy wrote: So where is this
taking AOL? Put simply, my vision for AOL is to build the largest and most
sophisticated global advertising network while we grow the size and engagement
of our worldwide audience. We’re only a year and a month into our
transformation, and the turnaround has been dramatic. We’re now in a position
to win as an advertising-supported business. We have a bright future as a
company if we can execute on this vision. Translation: Maybe, oh, maybe Mark
Zuckerberg will buy us with his lunch money! Randy wrote: Randy Translation:
Mr. Burns. (You know Smithers, oops, Ron Grant wrote this, don’t you?) Tagged
with: AOL, BoomTown, digital, Internet, Kara Swisher, layoffs, Randy Falco,
Ron Grant, Sue Decker, Yahoo Third Foxconn Worker Dies Due to Explosion,
Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am PT Viral
Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie “Tintin” May 19,
2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks About $10M
Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May 18, 2011 at
9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be a $4.5B
Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on Women in
Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version