WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Tricia Duryee Digital Videogame Sales Overtake Retail Sales in Q2,
Sort Of October 5, 2011 at 8:53 am PT Tweet Share Print Videogame heavyweights
have been preparing for this moment and probably even fighting it. But the day
— or more accurately, the quarter — has arrived, when consumers spend more on
digital games, such as mobile, social and console downloads, than they do on
more traditional formats, like console games, according to the NPD Group.
UPDATE: I need to clarify that the category, which includes digital sales,
also includes used sales and rentals, so it’s not purely digital sales that
are exceeding retail sales, analyst Anita Frazier says. So while digital is
absolutely growing, it’s not quite bigger than physical purely on its own. In
the second quarter, NPD estimates that digital revenues totaled $1.74 billion,
exceeding the $1.44 billion spent on physical sales. That compares to the
first quarter when the split favored physical sales of $2 billion, which
topped digital sales of $1.85 billion. While physical distribution in retail
stores and packaged goods may be shifting to digital distribution over
broadband connections and wireless airwaves, overall spending seems to be
level. In the second quarter, total videogame sales, including hardware,
content and accessories, was estimated at $4.5 billion, which represents an
increase of one percent compared to the same period a year earlier. The NPD
Group has not been tracking digital versus retail sales for very long, so it
is unclear if this is the first time this has happened, or if the split will
be permanent, but generally the trend is that digital revenues are growing
while traditional retail sales are falling. The shift for some incumbent
videogame makers has been difficult to stomach. Many debate the value of
shifting from producing a $60 game sold at retail to producing mobile and
social games, which frequently rely on a free-to-play model, where users have
the option of playing without paying anything. Others have embraced the
concept, believing that the transformation will take place no matter what, or
that it will grow the pie of people playing games. To be sure, the market is
just as confused about this period of disruption, leading values to be all
over the map. For example, privately held Zynga, which has filed to raise $1
billion in an IPO, was valued at $14.05 billion in August by a third party,
according to a recent filing. That makes the social games leader more than
double the value of publicly held Electronic Arts, which has a market
capitalization of $6.8 billion. Meanwhile, Electronic Arts has been investing
heavily in both mobile and social gaming, and, for instance, currently has the
second-most popular game on Facebook. Tagged with: analyst, digital games,
Electronic Arts, NPD Group, physical games, report, retail, videogame, Zynga
Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Just as the atom
bomb was the weapon that was supposed to render war obsolete, the Internet
seems like capitalism’s ultimate feat of self-destructive genius, an economic
doomsday device rendering it impossible for anyone to ever make a profit off
anything again. It’s especially hopeless for those whose work is easily
digitized and accessed free of charge.— Author Tim Kreider on not getting paid
for one’s work AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski
Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren
Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted
to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version