WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Programs That Overwrite
Hard Drives July 8, 2008 at 6:08 pm PT Tweet Share Print Here are a few
questions I’ve received recently from people like you, and my answers. I have
edited and restated the questions a bit, for readability. Do you know of a
free or inexpensive program that will overwrite hard drives? My husband and I
have updated to new computers, leaving us with two hard drives that have
sensitive data that we would like to erase before disposing of them. There’s a
$20 program for Windows called Window Washer from Webroot that will wipe an
entire hard disk so that its data is unrecoverable. Its maker calls this
process “bleaching.” In cases where you don’t want to completely wipe a hard
disk, the program can also securely erase individual files and folders, and
can remove all traces of browser activity. I have tested it, and I can
recommend it. You can get it at Webroot.com. There are numerous other Windows
file wipers, some of which may be free, though I haven’t tested them. To find
these others, go to download.com and enter “file wiper” in the search box.
Since downloading the new Firefox browser, the panel at the top that shows the
Web address and the back and forward buttons has disappeared. How do I get it
back? That panel is called the Navigation Bar and it can be turned on and off.
It sounds like it somehow got turned off on your computer. To switch it on
again, go to the “View” menu, select “Toolbars” and then click on “Navigation
Bar.” The missing panel should reappear, and the next time you view that menu
option, you will notice a check mark next to “Navigation Bar,” indicating it
is on. You can also use the same technique to switch the Bookmarks Toolbar on
and off. I have switched to Mac recently and never want to use Windows again.
But the program I miss using on Windows the most is Microsoft Money. Do you
know any way to make this program run on my Mac? Microsoft (MSFT) doesn’t make
a Mac version of Money. However, all current Macs can run Windows and Windows
programs. I suggest you pick up a copy of one of two programs — Parallels
Desktop or VMWare Fusion. Both allow you to run Windows programs right
alongside your Mac programs, even without displaying the Windows desktop.
Microsoft Money would just appear in its own window, as if it were another Mac
program. This method works well, but it carries a price. Fusion and Parallels
cost around $60-$70 each, plus you will have to buy and install a full, fresh,
boxed copy of Windows. You can find Mossberg’s Mailbox, and my other columns,
online for free at the new All Things Digital Web site,
http://walt.allthingsd.com. Tagged with bleaching, bookmark, browser,
computer, file wiper, Firefox, hard drive, Mac, Microsoft Money, navigation
bar, Parallels Desktop, sensitive data, toolbar, VMWare Fusion, Webroot,
Windows, Windows Washer Top Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December
17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at
6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT
Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at
Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives
AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine
Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to 2005. Latest Video View
all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version