Skip to main content Free Trial 800.303.6346 Contact Us United States United
Kingdom Australia France Japan / 日本 New Zealand Login Planning Consolidation
Discovery Business Planning Cloud Everybody plans. At Adaptive Insights, we
make planning easy. Get business agility in a fast-moving world. Software for
people who plan. LEARN MORE Business Planning Cloud Business Planning Cloud
Adaptive Insights for Finance Adaptive Insights for Sales Adaptive Insights
for Workforce Technology Platform Platform Capabilities: Modeling
Collaboration Dashboards and Analytics Management & Ad-Hoc Reporting Board &
External Reporting Integration Consolidation Active Planning: What is Active
Planning? The Costs of Static Planning Licensing Solutions LTV, CAC Ratio,
Churn, ARR? SaaS businesses have very specific needs when it comes to modeling
growth and monitoring KPIs. The Adaptive Suite has you covered with our
solution for SaaS companies. LEARN MORE Solutions for Your: Challenges Manual
Processes Data Accuracy Scalability Data Visualization Collaboration
Professional Development Need Headcount Planning Revenue Management Expense
Management Financial Close Capital Management Profitability Analysis Balance
Sheet & Cash Flow Industry Software & Technology Healthcare Life Sciences
Business Services Nonprofit Higher Education Manufacturing Retail Financial
Services Insurance Energy & Utilities Business Size Midsize Companies Large
Enterprises Divisions Customers Customers Success Stories Customer Reviews
Services Professional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Learn Adaptive Insights named a Leader in the Gartner 2018
Magic Quadrant for Cloud Financial Planning and Analysis Solutions report
LEARN MORE Learn Analyst Reports CFO Indicators Datasheets Demos eBooks
Infographics Video Webcasts White Papers Adaptive Insights Blog Company
Customer Success How To Perspective Tech & Innovation Events Plan for what’s
next at Adaptive Live 2019 Planning has never been more crucial to your
success. That’s why you should join 1,000+ professionals like you as we
explore how Adaptive Insights can help your organization prepare for the
unexpected in today’s rapidly changing world. Register now Live Group Demo
Every Wednesday at 10am (Pacific) save your spot Weekly FP&A; Roundtable Hear
how Adaptive's Finance team uses the Adaptive Suite. save your spot Events In-
Person Events Webinars Adaptive Live About Our Company Our Team Leadership
Partners Locate a Partner Partner Program Adaptive Insights Marketplace
Newsroom Press Releases Awards Analyst Reports In the News Press Kit Careers
Contact Blog Nav Level 1 - About Our Company Our Team Partners Careers Contact
Newsroom Blog Terms of Service Master Subscription Agreement This Agreement
governs the access and use of the Software provided by Adaptive pursuant to
your Order. The terms of your Order take precedence over any inconsistent
terms in this Agreement. If you have entered into a separate written agreement
with Adaptive regarding the use of Software, then the terms of that agreement
will prevail and will govern your use of the Software. In agreeing to these
terms on behalf of your employer, you are representing that you have the
authority to bind that entity to the Order and this Agreement and that your
agreement to these terms will be treated as the agreement of that entity. If
you have been granted access to use the Software by your account
administrator, you are subject to these terms through that account and you are
required to abide by the terms of this Agreement.If you are using a trial
subscription of the Software, the Software will be accessible until the end of
the trial period, unless you purchase a subscription. During the trial period,
the Software is provided “AS-IS” (with no warranty) and the Support Terms will
not apply. Adaptive may suspend, limit, or terminate your trial subscription
at any time (and will not be liable for any damages related to your use of the
Software during this trial period). Unless you purchase a subscription to the
Software by the end of the trial period, you will not be able to further
access the data stored in the Software and it will be deleted (and may not be
recoverable). 1. DEFINITIONS “Adaptive” means Adaptive Insights, Inc. and/or
its subsidiaries, as indicated on your Order.“Agreement” means this Master
Subscription Agreement.“Authorized Users” means your employees, contractors
and agents that you authorize and for whom you have purchased a subscription
(each with a user login and password) to use the Software on your
behalf.“Confidential Information” means any non-public information that is
marked or identified as confidential (or under the circumstances of the
disclosure or the nature of the information, it would reasonably be understood
to be confidential or proprietary) at the time of disclosure.“Customer Data”
means the data and information you upload to and/or create while using the
Software.“Feedback” means feedback or suggestions about the features,
functions, or operation of the Software.“Information Security Program” means
Adaptive’s then-current data security and data management policies and
procedures that apply to the operation and use of the Software.“Order” means
the order that references and incorporates this Agreement.“Protected
Information” means sensitive, personally identifiable information that is
subject to specific regulations or laws that impose increased protections
and/or obligations with respect to handling that type of information.“Renewal
Order” means a notice regarding the renewal of your subscription to the
Software.“Software” means the Adaptive cloud-based software that is listed in
the Order.“Subscription Fees” means the subscription fees listed in your Order
for the use of the Software.“Subscription Term” means the subscription term
listed in the Order.“Support Terms” means the support terms provided in
Section 4.1.“Uptime Availability” means the availability of the Software
provided in Section 4.3.“you” means the customer identified in the Order (and
includes any of your affiliates and subsidiaries that are owned or controlled
by you, or are under common control with you).2. SUBSCRIPTION TERMS2.1.
Software Subscription. Subject to the payment of the Subscription Fees and the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may access and use the Software in
the configuration described in the Order for your own internal business
purposes during the Subscription Term and in accordance with any other terms
and conditions provided in the Order. You may purchase additional services,
products, storage, or Authorized Users to add to your existing subscription at
any time and the Subscription Fees for these purchases will be prorated for
the remainder of the applicable Subscription Term. Adaptive provides technical
support and updates for the Software during the Subscription Term (at no
additional charge) according to the Support Terms.2.2. Subscription Renewal.
After the initial Subscription Term, your Software subscription will renew for
subsequent, annual subscription terms. At least 30 days before the end of the
Subscription Term, Adaptive will send you a Renewal Order. You must provide
Adaptive with your election to either renew or not renew your Software
subscription. If you elect to renew your Software subscription, you agree to
pay the applicable subscription renewal fees at the beginning of the renewal
subscription term (unless otherwise stated in the Renewal Order).2.3.
Professional Services. Any professional services to be performed by Adaptive
in connection with the configuration and implementation of the Software will
be described in a separate statement of work and will be performed pursuant to
the terms of a separate professional services agreement, however, the terms
and conditions of this Agreement will apply to the professional services
provided.3. USE OF THE SOFTWARE3.1. Software Access. You are responsible for
obtaining, maintaining, and supporting all internet access, computer hardware,
and other services needed to access the Software. As part of the initial
registration process, Adaptive will provide you with an administrative
username and password for your account. You agree to promptly notify Adaptive
of any suspected or unauthorized use of your account (that you become aware
of).3.2. Authorized Users. You determine the access controls for your
Authorized Users. You are responsible for the activity occurring under your
account by Authorized Users (and their compliance with this Agreement).
Authorized User passwords are for named individual users and cannot be shared
or used by more than one user at a time, although, you may reassign an
Authorized User in your account (but not their password) to a new Authorized
User who is replacing a former Authorized User (who no longer requires access
or use of the Software).3.3. Restrictions. You may not use the Services other
than as authorized in this Agreement (or in your Order). You may not (1)
resell, sublicense, or share the Software with or for any third party (unless
authorized in your Order), (2) use the Software for unlawful or illegal
purposes, (3) access the Software for competitive purposes, (4) attempt to
derive the source code of the Software or to interfere with its functionality,
or (5) attempt to disable or circumvent any security features of the Software,
or permit unauthorized access to the Software.4. SUPPORT TERMS 4.1. Technical
Support. Adaptive provides technical support through its online knowledge base
support program. Support requests are submitted through this online support
program. Adaptive provides technical support 12 hours per day Monday through
Friday (excluding nationally recognized holidays), during the published
support hours for your specific region. Premium support may be purchased
separately or provided through an Adaptive certified partner. Adaptive will
respond to technical support requests within 1 business day. Only account
administrator(s) may contact Adaptive technical support personnel to report a
problem with the Software. When submitting a problem report, you must (1)
notify Adaptive of the problem with the Software and provide information
regarding the problem (to enable Adaptive to reproduce the problem), and (2)
provide Adaptive with reasonable assistance, as requested, to help
troubleshoot the problem. Adaptive will not be responsible for providing
support for problems in the operation or performance of the Software if the
problem relates to errors in your data, formulas, databases, access to other
software or databases, or from any unauthorized use or modification of the
Software (based on the documentation that is provided with the Software).4.2.
Software Updates. Adaptive makes updates (error corrections, bug fixes, and
enhancements) to the Software on an ongoing basis. Except in the case of
urgent updates, Adaptive schedules maintenance during appropriate, non-peak
usage hours (that minimizes the impact on all users, worldwide) and will
provide advance notice of any planned unavailability (to the extent
possible).4.3. Service Levels. Adaptive will use reasonable efforts to (1)
meet the Uptime Availability for the Software of at least 99.5% of the time
per month (except for scheduled downtime (for maintenance) and circumstances
beyond Adaptive’s reasonable control), (2) maintain the Software to minimize
its unavailability, and (3) provide information (circumstances permitting)
when access to the Software will be restored. If the Uptime Availability is
not met in a calendar month, Adaptive will credit you with 1 month of the
Subscription Fees. You must request this credit (in writing) within 15 days of
the month in which the Uptime Availability was not met, which will extend your
current Subscription Term by 1 month. This credit is your only remedy for
Adaptive not meeting the Uptime Availability for the Software.5. PAYMENT 5.1.
Payment Terms. Unless otherwise specified in your Order or elsewhere in this
Agreement, all amounts payable under this Agreement are due and payable within
30 days from the invoice date. Invoices will be sent directly to the billing
contact identified on the Order (and you agree to keep Adaptive informed of
any updates or changes to your billing contact information). Late payments (on
any undisputed amounts) may be subject to interest charges of 1.0% per month
(or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower) and the expenses
associated with those collections. Billing disputes must be reported to
Adaptive (in writing) within 60 days from the invoice date. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, all payment obligations are non-
cancelable and once paid are nonrefundable.5.2. Taxes. All amounts payable by
you to Adaptive under this Agreement are exclusive of any applicable sales or
use taxes (such as GST or VAT). These taxes (if applicable) will be charged
separately on your invoice, unless you provide (in advance) a valid tax
exemption certificate authorized by the applicable taxing authority.6.
CUSTOMER DATA6.1. Customer Data. You own and retain all rights to your
Customer Data. You are responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, and
legality of your Customer Data. You agree to abide by (and be responsible for
your compliance with) applicable laws and regulations regarding your access
and use of Customer Data with the Software and you acknowledge that the
Software is not designed (or intended) to process or manage any Protected
Information.6.2. Data Security. You are responsible for (1) properly
configuring the access rights for your Authorized Users, (2) your Authorized
User’s access and use of the Software, and (3) the secure transmission of your
Customer Data to the Software. Adaptive will maintain administrative,
physical, and technical safeguards for the protection of the security,
confidentiality, and integrity of Customer Data in accordance with its
Information Security Program. Any future revisions to the Information Security
Program will not diminish the current data security obligations of Adaptive.
Upon request, Adaptive will provide you with a copy of (1) its current
Information Security Program, and (2) its annual, independent SSAE-16 or SOC
(or successor type) audit report covering the operations of Adaptive. Adaptive
will promptly notify you of any actual or suspected breaches of security that
may result in the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of your Customer Data
and will cooperate with you in the investigation and remediation of any such
breach of security. Adaptive will also cooperate with you in responding to
reasonable inquiries from you (or from your regulators or data controllers)
regarding Adaptive’s compliance with its data security obligations under this
Agreement.6.3. Data Access and Controls. You manage and control access to your
account (by Authorized Users) and the use and processing of your Customer Data
by the Software. Customer Data will not be accessed by Adaptive except as
necessary (by authorized personnel) to identify, investigate, or resolve
technical problems with the Software or to verify your compliance with the
terms of this Agreement. Customer Data that is accessed by Adaptive will (1)
be kept confidential, (2) handled according to applicable laws and
regulations, and (3) not be shared with any unauthorized personnel or
commingled with other customer’s data.6.4. Disclosure of Data. Adaptive may
disclose Customer Data if the disclosure is necessary to comply with a valid
court order or subpoena or to comply with applicable law, rule or regulation
of a governmental authority. Adaptive will promptly notify you of the request
for such disclosure (unless prohibited by such process) and will cooperate
with you if you choose to contest the disclosure, seek confidential treatment
of the Customer Data to be disclosed, or to limit the nature or scope of the
Customer Data to be disclosed.7. TERMINATION; SUSPENSION7.1. Termination for
Cause. A party may terminate this Agreement if the other party commits a
material breach of this Agreement and does not cure the breach within 30 days
from receiving written notice. If you terminate this Agreement for cause,
Adaptive will refund to you the unused portion of the Subscription Fees that
were paid for the Software for the remainder of the Subscription Term.7.2.
Suspension of Software. Adaptive reserves the right to temporarily suspend
access to the Software if (1) you have undisputed amounts more than 30 days
past due, (2) you have not paid the subscription renewal fees when due, or (3)
Adaptive reasonably determines that you are using the Software in a way that
creates a security vulnerability to the Software, or is in breach of this
Agreement. Adaptive will give you prior notice if access will be suspended and
will promptly restore access once the issue has been resolved. Adaptive will
not suspend access if you are (reasonably and in good faith) disputing a
charge and cooperating in resolving the dispute.7.3. Effect of Termination. On
the expiration or termination of this Agreement, you will (1) stop using and
accessing the Software (other than as permitted in Section 7.4), and (2) pay
to Adaptive any Subscription Fees that had accrued (but had not been paid)
prior to the effective date of termination. Any post-termination transition
assistance requested from Adaptive is subject to the mutual agreement of the
parties (and may require payment of professional services fees for such
assistance). Sections 3.3, 6 (while Customer Data is stored in the Software),
and 7 through 12 will survive the expiration or termination of this
Agreement.7.4. Access to Customer Data. You may continue to access the
Software in order to retrieve and download the Customer Data stored in the
Software for up to 30 days after the expiration or termination of this
Agreement. After that time, Customer Data stored in the Software will be
deleted (unless legally prohibited) in accordance with the Information
Security Program.8. CONFIDENTIALITY 8.1. Confidentiality. In addition to the
confidential treatment of Customer Data pursuant to the terms of Section 6, in
connection with the use of the Software or in the performance of professional
services, each party may need to provide the other with certain Confidential
Information. The receiving party may only use this Confidential Information
for the purpose for which it was provided and may only share this Confidential
Information with its employees, agents, and representatives who need to know
it, provided they are subject to similar confidentiality obligations. The
receiving party will use a reasonable degree of care (in a similar way it
protects its own confidential information) to protect this Confidential
Information and to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of this
Confidential Information.8.2. Exceptions. Confidential Information does not
include any information that (1) was known (without any confidentiality
obligations) prior to disclosure by the disclosing party, (2) is publicly
available (through no fault of the receiving party), (3) is rightfully
received by a third party (without a duty of confidentiality), or (4) is
independently developed (without access or use of Confidential Information).
The receiving party may disclose Confidential Information when compelled to do
so by law, so long as the receiving party provides prior written notice of the
disclosure (if legally permitted) to allow the disclosing party the
opportunity to seek protection or confidential treatment or to limit or
prevent such disclosure. The receiving party also agrees to cooperate with the
disclosing party if the disclosing party chooses to contest the disclosure
requirement, seek confidential treatment of the information to be disclosed,
or to limit the nature or scope of the information to be disclosed.9.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS9.1. Adaptive IP. Adaptive owns all right, title and
interest in and to Software, including any modifications and enhancements.
This Agreement does not grant any ownership rights to the Software and the
Subscription Fees only apply to your use of the Software. Adaptive may ask you
for Feedback. If you elect to provide any Feedback Adaptive may freely use and
exploit the Feedback you provide (without any obligations or
restrictions).9.2. Usage Data. Adaptive monitors and collects data about the
general use of the Software by all customers. This data does not include or
contain any Customer Data. Adaptive uses this data for its own business
purposes (such as improving, testing, and maintaining the Software and
developing additional products and services), and from time to time, may
publish this data (in the aggregate, which would not identify you or any other
customer specifically) for informational (and other such) purposes.9.3.
Attribution. Unless otherwise set forth on the Order, Adaptive may use your
name (and the corresponding trademark or logo) on Adaptive’s website and
marketing materials to identify your business as a customer, subject to any
usage guidelines that you provide or any pre-approval or authorization you may
require (which you agree not to unreasonably withhold or delay).10. DISCLAIMER
AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY10.1. Disclaimer. Adaptive does not offer financial
or accounting advice. Adaptive may provide general information about standard
finance and accounting principles, but such general information is intended
for informational purposes only, and is not intended to be relied upon as
professional advice. Adaptive does not warrant that the operation of the
Software will be entirely secure, completely error free, or uninterrupted.
ADAPTIVE DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN
THIS AGREEMENT, DOES NOT MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTIES.10.2. Limitation of
Liability. Except for any gross negligence, willful misconduct, a party’s
indemnification obligations (pursuant to Section 11), or a breach of Section
8.1 (Confidentiality), neither party will be liable for (1) any indirect,
consequential, or incidental damages, (regardless of the basis or type of
claim and even if advised of the possibility of such damages), and/or (2) an
amount that exceeds the Subscription Fees due from you for the applicable
Subscription Term. These exclusions are meant to apply to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and regardless of the failure of any specific
remedy.11. INDEMNIFICATION 11.1. By Adaptive. Adaptive will defend, indemnify
and hold you harmless from and against any claim brought against you by a
third party, any final award of damages or settlement amount, and any
liabilities or expenses incurred by you (including reasonable attorneys’ fees)
as a result of the claim, which alleges that the Software infringes any
intellectual property right of a third party. If the use of the Software is
(or in Adaptive’s opinion is likely to be) enjoined due to such a claim,
Adaptive will either (1) procure the right to continue using the Software
under the terms of this Agreement, (2) replace or modify the Software so that
it is non-infringing (but functionally equivalent), or (3) if Adaptive is
unable to achieve either of these options, then Adaptive may cancel your
license with respect to the infringing Software and refund you the unused
portion of the Subscription Fees paid for the Software for which the use is
legally prohibited. This section describes Adaptive’s entire responsibility
and your sole remedy for any infringement claim or action regarding the
Software.11.2. By You. You will defend, indemnify and hold Adaptive harmless
from and against any claim brought against Adaptive by a third party, any
final award of damages or settlement amount, and any liabilities or expenses
incurred by Adaptive (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) as a result of the
claim, which alleges the access, use, or provision of any Customer Data in
connection with your use of the Software violates any applicable law,
regulation, or the proprietary rights of others.11.3. Process. These indemnity
obligations are conditioned on the indemnified party promptly notifying the
indemnifying party in writing of the claim (a delay in providing notice does
not excuse these indemnity obligations unless the indemnifying party is
prejudiced by such delay), the indemnified party giving the indemnifying party
sole control of the defense of the claim (and in any related settlement
negotiations), and the indemnified party cooperating and, at the indemnifying
party’s request and expense, assisting in such defense. The indemnified party
may participate in the defense of the claim using its own counsel (at its own
expense). The indemnifying party may not settle the claim without the
indemnified party’s consent if such settlement imposes a payment or other
obligation on the indemnified party.12. GENERAL12.1. Relationship of the
Parties. This Agreement does not create or imply any agency, partnership, or
franchise relationship. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the
parties and is not intended to benefit any third party. Neither party has the
authority to assume or create any obligation on behalf of the other
party.12.2. Assignment. Neither party may assign the Order or this Agreement
without the other party’s prior written consent (except to an affiliate or in
connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of all or
substantially all of the assets or equity of such party). Any attempt to
assign the Order or this Agreement other than as permitted in this Agreement
will be null and void.12.3. Notices. Any notice, approval, consent, or other
communication intended to have legal effect under this Agreement must be given
to the other party in writing, by first-class, registered, or overnight mail
or private overnight courier (to the address for the other party stated on the
Order, unless the other party has given notice of a new address), and will be
deemed given upon receipt.12.4. Contracting Entity and Governing Law. Your
Order indicates which Adaptive entity you are contracting with, which
determines the applicable governing law (which applies without regard to any
conflicts of law principles) and the jurisdiction and venue for any disputes
arising out of or relating to this Agreement. (1) if contracting with Adaptive
Insights, Inc., governing law is the State of California, U.S.A. and
jurisdiction and venue is in Santa Clara County, California, U.S.A., (2) if
contracting with Adaptive Insights Pty Ltd. (Australia and New Zealand),
governing law is the State of New South Wales, Australia, and jurisdiction and
venue is in Sydney, Australia, (3) if contracting with Adaptive Insights, Ltd.
(Canada), governing law is the Province of Ontario, and jurisdiction and venue
is in Toronto, Ontario, (4) if contracting with Adaptive Insights Co., Ltd.
(Japan), governing law is the laws of Japan, and jurisdiction and venue is in
Tokyo, Japan, or (5) if contracting with Adaptive Insights Limited (United
Kingdom and Ireland), governing law is the laws of England, and jurisdiction
and venue is in London, England.12.5. Entire Understanding. This Agreement
constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between the
parties regarding this subject and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
agreements or understandings (written or verbal) relating to this subject
matter of this Agreement. No terms in any purchase order or in any order
documentation (other than the Order or a Renewal Order) are incorporated into
or form any part of this Agreement. If any terms are found to be void or
unenforceable, the remaining terms of this Agreement will remain in full force
and effect. Any waiver, modification, or amendment of this Agreement must be
in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both parties. This
Agreement may be provided in different languages, however, the English version
of this Agreement will control. Les parties conviennent que ce contrat écrit
et signé en anglais.12.6. Statutory Exceptions for Public Institutions. If you
are a qualified public educational or government institution and any terms in
this Agreement (such as, by way of example, all or part of the indemnification
section) are invalid or unenforceable against you because of applicable law,
then those terms will be deemed excluded and unenforceable (as the case may
be), and instead construed in a manner most consistent with applicable
governing law. In addition, if the applicable governing law is precluded in
these situations, then this Agreement will be construed under the laws of the
state/province in which your primary office is located.[END]v1610 Watch Demo
Free Trial Footer Menu Col 1Business Planning Cloudfor Finance for Sales
Technology Platform Licensing Footer Menu Col 2SolutionsChallenges Need
Industry Business Size Footer Menu Col 3Customer SuccessSuccess Stories
Reviews ServicesProfessional Services Training & Education Customer Success
Management Support Footer Menu Col 4LearnCFO Indicators Datasheets Demos
eBooks FP&A; Glossary Infographics Videos Webcasts White Papers Footer Menu
Col 5Blog EventsIn-person Events Webinars Footer Menu Col 6AboutOur Company
Our Team Partners Contact Newsroom facebook linkedin twitter youtube blog
©2018 Adaptive Insights. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy 800.303.6346
Contact Us 3350 W. Bayshore Road, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94303 ×Close