WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski Apple’s BlackBerry Employee-
Poaching Party October 11, 2013 at 3:03 am PT Tweet Share Print BlackBerry’s
mounting misfortune is its rivals’ gain. Not only are competing smartphone
makers picking up market-share points from the foundering company, they’re
poaching employees, as well. On Sept. 26, not a week after BlackBerry
preannounced a horrific shortfall in second-fiscal-quarter earnings, and plans
to sack 4,500 employees, Apple invited a number of BlackBerry employees to a
recruitment event in Cambridge, Ontario — a 15-minute drive from the Canadian
company’s Waterloo headquarters. “If you are interested in working on the
world’s most advanced mobile devices and operating systems as well as
alongside other amazing, talented and passionate engineers then Apple may have
opportunities for you,” reads an invitation sent via LinkedIn to some
BlackBerry employees. Held at the Cambridge Hotel and Conference Center, the
event — which was first reported by the Financial Post — was targeted at
BlackBerry’s engineering and operations talent. It provided shots at positions
largely based at Apple HQ in Cupertino, Calif., with offers of relocation and
immigration assistance for candidates hired. It’s not clear how successful the
event was, but I’m told it was well-attended. Given current circumstances at
BlackBerry, there’s likely significant interest in new career opportunities
among the rank and file. Apple did not respond to a request for comment on the
matter. BlackBerry declined to give one. Below, Apple’s recruitment message in
full: If you are interested in working on the world’s most advanced mobile
devices and operating systems as well as alongside other amazing, talented and
passionate engineers then Apple may have opportunities for you. Apple’s
Engineering and Operations Recruiting Team is hosting a career event in your
town! We will have Hiring Managers and Recruiters present to talk about
exciting opportunities throughout Apple. The career event will be on Thursday,
September 26th from 10 am to 2 pm, and from 3 pm to 7 pm. … Please bring
multiple copies of your resume on the day of the event as there may be a
chance to speak with multiple hiring managers. Most positions will be based in
Cupertino, CA. Relocation and immigration assistance will be provided for
candidates that are hired, as needed. You can check out all Apple career
opportunities by visiting www.apple.com/jobs. Thank you and we hope to see you
in person Thursday, September 26th. If you happen to know of others that might
be interested in attending, please pass along this invite as we would love to
meet them as well. Warm Regards, Apple’s Recruiting Team Tagged with: Apple,
ATD Facebook, BlackBerry, Cambridge Hotel and Conference Center, engineering,
layoffs, operations, poaching, recruiting Late Start May Be Tempering China
Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT Twitter’s Tanking
December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for Chromebooks December
29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter for BB10 Update
December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25 Million This
Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » I’m a giant vat
of creative juices.— David Pogue on why he’s joining Yahoo AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version