WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Drake Martinet Liveblog From Apple iPhone OS Event in Cupertino
April 8, 2010 at 8:30 am PT Tweet Share Print What do you do when you’ve just
stepped out on a limb and released a new class of computer that you’re calling
both magical and amazing but that runs on software designed over three years
ago for entirely different hardware? If you are Apple (AAPL), you sound the
trumpets and assemble the techie press at your Cupertino HQ as soon as
possible to preview the new operating system you hope will bring even more
powerful magic to your latest creation. As soon as possible was this morning,
and AllThingsD‘s Drake Martinet was there to liveblog the event, which
announced, among other things, iPad sales of more than 450,000, a new app-
based mobile advertising platform, and long-awaited multitasking functionality
for the iPhone operating system. The liveblog is below. 9:11 am: We’ve arrived
at Apple’s Town Hall at Cupertino HQ. The electricity John Paczkowski
described in his liveblog from the iPad event is missing today. 9:57 am: Just
walked in. Room is pretty full. Empty stage, with the standard Apple setup:
Apple logo backdrop for the slideshow. Music a la an iPod commercial playing
in the auditorium. 10:00 am: Voice on the loudspeakers: “Please turn your
electronic devices to silent, we are about to begin.” 10:03 am: Steve Jobs
takes the stage and gets down to it. “The next generation of the most advanced
mobile operating system in the world.” 10:04 am: Jobs opens with a quote from
Walt Mossberg’s review. Says he will get to OS 4, but first, shares some iPad
numbers. As of today, he says, Apple has sold 450,000 iPads, 300,000 on the
first day. Over 600,000 iBooks downloaded as of today. And I Pad apps? Jobs
says that 3.5 million have been downloaded so far. 10:06 am: Jobs says, “When
you create something, you really have butterflies when you create things and
put them out into the world. We are feeling really good about this.” He then
moves on to the App Store. Users have downloaded 4.5 billion apps as of today.
Jobs is now showcasing some screenshots of apps. 10:09 am: Jobs is running
through media apps. Now, he’s getting to the iPhone. 10:10 am: Says Apple has
just won its third J.D. Power award for the iphone. “What is the real measure
of usage? iPhone has a 64 percent browser share; everyone else together is
half of the iPhone,” says Jobs. 85 million iPhones and iPod touches sold to
date. 10:12 am: Now the subject is iPhone OS 4. Developers can now access the
calender, photo library, SMS, full map overlays. In total, they will have
access to 1500 APIs. There are over 100 new user features. 10:13 am: Users
will be able to change home screen wallpaper, use a spell checker, tap to
focus video, create playlists. 10:14 am: Jobs says there will be multitasking.
“We weren’t the first to this party, but we will be the best,” he says, with a
nod to Google’s (GOOG) Android. 10:15 am: Jobs demos multitasking. No exposed
interface. The active window lifts vertically and a slider of all the apps
running appears. 10:17 am: Jobs shows that multitasking takes you back to the
exact place in the app where you were when you left, including games. “That,
is our multitasking UI. We’ve been using it a lot and it really changes the
way you use the iPhone.” 10:19 am: Jobs leaves and Scott Forstall, Senior VP
of Software, takes the stage. He’s here to talk about the nitty-gritty. Seven
mutlitasking services will be available to developers. First: Background
audio. 10:21 am: Forstall introduces Tim Westergren, founder of Pandora, who
is talking about how his streaming radio service will make use of background
audio. Basically, users will now be able to use Pandora or other background
audio apps just as they can use the iPod function. He showcases how users will
be able to buy songs from iTunes while Pandora is still playing the song.
10:24 am: Forstall retakes the stage. “Next service is VoIP,” he says. “Now,
when you’re on the iPhone, you can run Skype in the background.” 10:26 am:
David Ponsford of Skype comes onstage. Skype now can run in the background and
receive calls when you are using other apps. He switches to Yelp while still
in Skype call. 10:28 am: Forstall back now; he says the next major change is
background location data. He uses TomTom as an example. TomTom can be getting
location data while you are listening music. “There’s another class of
application that wants to use your location all the time, but isn’t used while
you are plugged in.” The new OS will use less accurate cell towers (which uses
less power) when doing background location features in social networking apps.
There will be a new icon on the taskbar showing that there are background apps
currently using their locations. 10:32 am: Next feature up: Push
notifications. Now there will be “local notifications.” These will come from
the apps themselves, rather than from outside servers. 10:33 am: Now talking
about task completion. Forstall says task completion will allow apps to
complete tasks, like photo uploads, in the background. He finishes with “fast
app switching.” “The app moves into a quiescent state in the background and
uses no CPU power.” 10:34 am: Jobs retakes the stage to talk about the next
major push. Says there will be App folders. 10:35 am: “We came up with a
really beautiful implementation of folders.” The process of creating folders
seems pretty easy. Just drag apps on top of each other and a folder is
created. Folders can then be dragged around like apps. 10:37 am: Jobs now
shows us what the wallpaper selection function looks like. Feels like a mix of
iPad and OS X. His wallpaper now matches his pants. Now, with folders, uses
could store over 5,000 apps on their phones. 10:39 am: Jobs moves on to the
next new feature, the unified inbox. Multiple accounts feeding to one mail
inbox. “We’ve also added the ability to organize by thread, so you can follow
conversations much easier.” “And, open attachments. Now you can download an
attachment and open it with an app from the App Store.” 10:41 am: Number four
is iBooks. Jobs says Apple is adding iBooks to the iPhone, just like the iPad.
“Its a delightful e-book reader, and you can buy the books once and read them
anywhere.” They will wirelessly synch your current page between devices. Also,
free Winnie the Pooh, just as on the iPad. 10:43 am: Forstall retakes the
stage to talk about enterprise. 10:43 am: The new OS allows encryption of
email and data inside apps. OS 4 will allow for mobile device management. Also
big for enterprise: Wireless app distribution. “A company can wirelessly
distribute apps from its own servers to iPhones anywhere in the world. Also
adding SSL VPN from both Cisco (CSCO) and Juniper Networks (JNPR). 10:45 am:
Now talking about something called, “Game Center.” This is the gaming push
analysts were predicting. OS 4 will have a social gaming portal that allows
friends to invite you to play games, or will match make you with opponents.
10:47 am: Jobs retakes the stage. “It’s called iAd.” 10:47 am: “There are lots
of apps in the App Store for free.” “Developers are starting to put ads into
apps, but we think most of these really suck.” Jobs says, “On desktops, search
is where its at. That hasn’t happened on mobile. On mobile, apps are where
it’s at.” 10:49 am: “This is a pretty serious opportunity, says Jobs. He says
this could open over one billion impressions per day. “What we want to do with
iAds, we want to deliver interactivity and emotion.” The ads keep you in your
app, versus getting “yanked out of your app” like before. “Because iAd is in
the OS itself, we have figured out how to deliver that ad.” Apple will sell
and distribute the ads. Apple will give developers 60 percent of iAd revenue.
10:53 am: Jobs demos ads, starts with a “Toy Story 3” ad. Says he’s seen the
movie, which comes out in June. Crowd laughs. He adds that, “it’s all done in
HTML5, by the way.” More laughter at his point because the audience is well
aware that Jobs is not a fan of Adobe’s (ADBE) Flash. 10:55 am: The ad Jobs is
showing is really more like a mini app, with streaming video, interactivity, a
game, posters, background wallpapers and ability to buy app right from the
iAd. “Users like free stuff.” “Have you ever seen an ad like this? Anything
even close?” 10:57 am: Next up, Jobs shows an ad for Nike, reiterating that
these ads were created by Apple “just because we really like these brands.” He
showcases how iAds have access to location and the accelerometer. No word on
whether that location data the iAd gets is user-selectable. 11:00 am: “iAd is
built into the OS, and the developer will get the majority of the revenue.”
Jobs goes into review mode. 11:01 am: A developer preview will be released
today. Jobs says Apple will release the new OS in summer. OS 4 will be for 3GS
and third-gen iPod touch. Older devices will get some upgrades, but hardware
won’t allow all features like multitasking. OS 4 wont make it to the iPad till
the fall. 11:04 am: Jobs thanks everyone, and leaves the stage. Lights up,
music back on, press starts milling. 11:06 am: Takeaways: There are obvious
concerns about what multitasking will do to battery life, though Jobs
emphasized that Apple has figured out a way to offer multitasking without
using too much more battery. Job’s didn’t get into specifics on how. Forstall
emphasized that implementing the new features was easy for developers, saying
things like, “they added this [feature] in a single afternoon.” 11:09 am: Now
Jobs, Forstall and Phil Schiller take the stage for a Q&A.; There’s a question
about multitasking using more AT&T; (T) data. Jobs says that it won’t be a big
deal, adding that multitasking doesn’t up the amount of use. He emphasizes
that video is the big data draw, and you don’t use more than one video at a
time. 11:11 am: Question about whether there will be an approval process for
iAds as there is for the App Store? Jobs pauses, “I’m not sure its going to be
any more than a light touch.” 11:13 am: Question about development of iAds.
Job: “No development environment for iAds, just HTML5.” 11:14 am: Jobs says,
“So far the ads haven’t been rich enough to warrant a world class ad agency.
For the first time, they can bring their storytelling skills. I think this can
be a whole new avenue for the advertising industry, because for the first time
you can take advantage of the skills of an add agency in the digital world.”
11:16 am: Schiller has yet to take a question. 11:17 am: Question about
widgets and glance-able information. Jobs says, “Anything’s possible.” 11:18
am: Of OS 4’s way to switch apps, called “fast-app switching,” Jobs says, “Our
competitors are tripping all over themselves to copy it.” 11:20 am: Jobs on
iAd: “iPhone customers are among the most desirable demographics in all of
advertising. Schiller gets a word in edgewise: “On the phone, you have apps
that help you do things. That becomes the customer’s way into information. Ads
attached to those are potentially more interesting than ads just attached to
search. “ Jobs: “This is the first time in history that this has ever existed.
We have all these apps and a friction-free way to deliver them right to the
phone. This has never existed before on PCs, still doesn’t.” Jobs: “We tried
to buy a company named AdMob, but Google came in and snatched them from us. So
we bought Quattro, and they are teaching us we are making ads that are
different than anything I’ve ever seen.” 11:24 am: Jobs: “This is not a get-
rich-quick scheme for Apple. This is to help our developers survive.” 11:29
am: Question about running unsigned apps. Jobs shuts it down saying that there
is a porn app store for Android, and Apple doesn’t want to go there. 11:30 am:
Jobs brings up Walt Mossberg again, saying how impressed he is with how fast
people are “getting it” with the iPad. Schiller reiterates that the speed of
adoption of the iPad, especially with the developers, has been incredible.
11:32 am: Jobs, continuing on the iPad: “If our competitors ever release a
device like the iPad, they will be hoping for 3,500 apps in a year. We have
that in the first week.” 11:34 am: Jobs, on the App Store: “I’m now seeing an
infrastructure being developed through other mediums (blogs, etc.) that help
with app discoverability.” This is in response to a question about the app
store getting crowded and dense. 11:36 am: This question comes up: “How do you
close an app?” 11:39 am: Jobs: “on the iPad, if you saw a stylus, they blew
it. On this, if you see a task manager, they blew it.” He doesn’t really
answer, saying you never really have to close an app. Doesn’t elaborate. 11:41
am: Packing up, Q&A; over. More iPad Coverage » Tagged with: AdMob, Adobe,
advertising, Android, API, app, App Store, Apple, Apple Tablet Feature, AT&T;,
audio, browser, Cisco, computer, CPU, Cupertino, David Ponsford, developer,
digital, Drake Martinet, E-Reader Feature, entertainment, Flash, Game Center,
games, Google, hardware, HTML 5, iAd, iBooks, innovation, interface, Internet,
iPad, iPhone, iPod, iPod touch, J.D. Power, Juniper, liveblog, miltitasking,
operating system, OS, OS 4, OS X, Pandora, Phil Schiller, platform, Quattro,
revenue, review, Scott Forstall, search, Skype, SMS, software, SSL VPN, Steve
Jobs, synch, telecom, Tim Westergren, TomTom, Toy Story 3, UI, video, VOIP,
wireless, Yelp Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Voices Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye
and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the
Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All
the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all
today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it
home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use.—
From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an
actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist
called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version