WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher After Pushing webOS Off a Cliff, HP Watches Its
Stock Take a Deep Dive August 19, 2011 at 10:40 am PT Tweet Share Print What a
difference a day makes. In the 24 hours since Hewlett-Packard announced it was
cutting production of its high-profile webOS mobile devices and might spin off
its huge consumer PC business, stock of the tech giant has plummeted 20
percent. HP shares are down $5.91 right now, at $23.60, one of the worst dives
in its long history. The reason? Wall Street is confused at what HP management
and its board are up to. So is everyone else, so get in line! In any case, the
one-fifth drop in value might be due to the length of time HP said it would
take to execute its dramatically announced new plans. That is likely to keep
the stock depressed, as investors are still uncertain what it all means. One
thing was clear: HP’s financial prospects are certainly dicey. Even as the
Palo Alto, Calif., company announced its major strategic shift, it reported
disastrous third-quarter earnings, included lowering its full-year forecast
once again. Related posts Hewlett-Packard Says Goodbye to PCs, webOS HP Pulls
Plug on webOS Hardware, Leaves OS Future in Doubt HP And webOS: But They
Seemed So Happy Together! Liveblogging HP’s “Everything Including the Kitchen
Sink” Conference Call HP’s Apotheker: We Struck Out with WebOS, but Maybe
Someone Else Wants a Swing? Viral Video: Like Palm’s Creepy Naked Lady,
TouchPad’s Floating Celeb Heads Get the HP Boot Licensing webOS May Not Be
Much of an Option for HP Hewlett-Packard’s PC Business: What Happens Next?
Worth More Dead Than Alive: Could HP Turn a Profit on Palm’s Patents? With
HP’s Raising of the World’s Biggest White Flag, Will Jon Rubinstein and Todd
Bradley Surrender Too? Tagged with: board, California, consumer, device,
earnings, forecast, Hewlett-Packard, investor, management, Palo Alto, PC,
shares, stock, third quarter, value, Wall Street, webOS You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos
Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT
How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights
From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry
Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The
Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha
December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say
Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and
the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe
All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View
all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in
Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren
Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System
Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data
Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A
Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all
reviews » The problem with the Billionaire Savior phase of the newspaper
collapse has always been that billionaires don’t tend to like the kind of
authority-questioning journalism that upsets the status quo.— Ryan Chittum,
writing in the Columbia Journalism Review about the promise of Pierre
Omidyar’s new media venture with Glenn Greenwald AllThingsD by Writer Walt
Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey
AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on
technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in
this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics,
different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us »
Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service »
Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email »
Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in
technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital.
» D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select
Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google)
@ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg
(Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski)
@kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried)
@LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren
Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del
Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social
Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital
Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile
Version