WSJ WSJ The Shops The Shops MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's
Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X rt f r&c; pe&vc; wsj b More All Things
Digital WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney
Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio
WSJ Wine WSJ Live Updated Privacy Policy » AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile
Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by
Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics
statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher
Yahoo and Bebo Get Cozy–But Just in the U.K. and Ireland (for Now) September
12, 2007 at 12:02 am PT Tweet Share Print I know new Yahoo Eurohead Toby
Coppel thinks I am too mean to his overlords in Sunnyvale and even emails me
about it (I can take it!). But I am going to surprise him by telling him that
I think he is so very clever today. Why? He signed the obvious deal with
social network Bebo to sell its display ads in the United Kingdom and Ireland,
renew its search deal and add its excellent Answers product and market a
branded toolbar. Could this be a first kiss in a possible bigger deal, such as
a Yahoo acquisition of Bebo, which has been rumored? The fact of the matter is
that this pair, despite reports, have never held such talks. That said, such a
purchase would be a good one for Yahoo. Provided, of course, that its CEO
Jerry Yang got it into his mind to do something bold and initiate a possible
game-changer. (Sorry, Toby, I know you think I am being mean again, but the
truth hurts!) While Yahoo cannot hope to buy either MySpace or Facebook (too
pricey), what it could do with a smaller, less expensive and internationally
oriented site like Bebo, especially when integrated with some of Yahoo’s
better properties, could be interesting and even invigorating for the company.
Bebo, which runs behind powerhouses MySpace and Facebook in the U.S., is a
little engine that could in Britain and Ireland, where it dominates the market
with 11.6 million members. The ad deal is exclusive and, while the parties did
not say so in their joint statement, is likely to be along the lines of those
handing-out-the-candy-to-social-networks guaranteed ad arrangements both
Facebook and MySpace have signed (with Microsoft and Google, respectively).
This is Yahoo’s first plunge into this game. Under terms of the deal, Yahoo
will sell Bebo’s display ads in the U.K. and Ireland, leaving Bebo to
concentrate more on ad sales for its innovative original entertainment
offerings, like its “KateModern” and the more recently announced “Sofia’s
Diary.” Yahoo’s own most innovative property, Answers, a community-based
knowledge service, will be integrated into Bebo. And the pair will develop and
distribute the Bebo toolbar, which will let its users get info about their
Bebo accounts when not on the site. Yahoo also renewed its deal to provide
search on Bebo. Neither Coppel, who is managing director of Yahoo Europe, nor
Joanna Shield, Bebo’s president of international, were available for an
interview, so I politely refuse to quote from their meaningless press release
statements. Still, here’s a post I did about Coppel (pictured here, as he
refused to be the subject of my withering video camera lens) after a visit on
a recent trip to London, as well as a post I did of Shields and her sharp team
at Bebo there too (as well as a video posted below). Please see this
disclosure related to me and Google. Tagged with: advertising, Bebo, BoomTown,
Britain, Europe, Facebook, Ireland, Joanna Shields, Myspace, search, social
networking, Toby Coppel, United Kingdom, Yahoo Third Foxconn Worker Dies Due
to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am
PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie “Tintin”
May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks About
$10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May 18,
2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be a
$4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on
Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version