Order Careers Contact Us Sign in Adaptive Biotechnologies Order Careers
Contact Us Sign in Immune Profiling Platform Platform OverviewPublications
Products & Services LIFE SCIENCES RESEARCHimmunoSEQ®CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICSclonoSEQ®PipelineDRUG DISCOVERYCellular TherapyVaccines
PARTNERSHIPS Cancer Cellular TherapyAntigen MapBiopharma PartnershipsStrategic
Collaborators About Us Our StoryCultureCareersNewsroomContact Us ASCO
Presentation Shows Sequenta’s LymphoSIGHT Technology is Highly Predictive of
Survival in Multiple Myeloma Patients 06/03/2013 CHICAGO – Researchers from
Hospital Universitario 12 de Octubre presented data today at the American
Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting (ASCO) that demonstrated the power
of Sequenta’s LymphoSIGHT™ platform for the detection of minimal residual
disease (MRD) in multiple myeloma patients. The oral presentation described
how researchers compared Sequenta’s proprietary sequencing method with other
technologies for assessing MRD levels following standard therapy. Sequenta’s
LymphoSIGHT platform was demonstrated to be highly concordant with flow
cytometry but showed a significant prognostic improvement over protein assays
delivered as standard of care. “Molecular assessment of residual disease
following initial therapy is redefining complete response in multiple myeloma
patients,” said Joaquin Martinez, the lead researcher on the study. “As the
therapeutic approaches to myeloma are revolutionized by new drugs, sensitive,
scalable assays for MRD assessment such as this LymphoSIGHT assay will be
critical to determining optimal individualized therapy.” The study encompassed
more than 100 bone marrow samples from 56 patients enrolled in Spanish Myeloma
Trials (GEM00 and GEM05) who were followed post-treatment. MRD positivity
strongly predicted time to progression. Importantly, amongst patients in
conventional complete response, MRD positivity by the LymphoSIGHT method was
highly predictive of progression-free and overall survival. “This study serves
to extend the clinical validation of the LymphoSIGHT platform into an
important new disease area,” said Tom Willis, CEO of Sequenta. “In addition to
providing clinical trial services to support trials such as this, we are
currently offering the ClonoSIGHT™ test, the first clinically actionable
sequencing based MRD test, through our CLIA-certified laboratory.” This study
is one of three presentations of the LymphoSIGHT platform at ASCO. Additional
presentations include a separate study showing the prognostic performance of
the LymphoSIGHT platform in the multiple myeloma transplant setting, as well
as the ability of this platform to elucidate immune responses to CTLA-4
inhibitors. About Sequenta, Inc. Sequenta is a venture backed startup
dedicated to improving patient care in diseases mediated by immune cells
through measurements of lymphocyte diversity. It is commercializing its
LymphoSIGHT™ platform for clinical use in minimal residual disease while
continuing to validate the use of its technology in a diverse set of diseases.
For more information, go to sequenta.com. Adaptive Biotechnologies acquired
Sequenta in January 2015 . The clinical diagnostic known as the ClonoSIGHT
Process is now the clonoSEQ Process. Previous Press Release Adaptive Signs
Biomarker Discovery Collaboration Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb
05/08/2013 Next Press Release CEO Robins Joins distinguished panel on
personalized medicine at Boston CEO conference 06/11/2013 Corporate/Research
(855) 466-8667 Diagnostics (888) 522-8988 Immune Profiling PlatformPlatform
Overview Publications Products & ServicesLIFE SCIENCES RESEARCH immunoSEQ®
CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS clonoSEQ® Pipeline DRUG DISCOVERY Cellular Therapy
Vaccines PartnershipsCancer Cellular Therapy Antigen Map Biopharma
Partnerships Strategic Collaborators About UsOur Story Culture Careers News &
Events Contact Us © Adaptive Biotechnologies. All Rights Reserved. Terms of
Use Online Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Policy HIPAA Policy Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks Licenses