WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Peter Kafka ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @pkafka Recent
Posts by Peter Kafka MySpace’s “Work in Progress”: Losing Money and Traffic,
Blowing Google Guarantees November 4, 2009 at 3:03 pm PT Tweet Share Print Did
Rupert Murdoch wait way too long to fix MySpace? It’s easy to get that
impression from the News Corp. earnings call today. The takeaway: The site is
losing traffic and money and no longer expects to get all of the $900 million
it once counted on from a Google search deal. Also, the company really doesn’t
know what to expect of the property going forward, except that it’s a work in
progress. So: Either digital media boss Jon Miller, MySpace CEO Owen Van Natta
and the rest of the new team brought in this year to fix the site have an
impossible task or expectations are now so low that even modest improvement
will look like a huge victory. Details from the earnings call, which I covered
live this afternoon: Revenue was down 26 percent at Miller’s Digital Media
Group (MySpace and a handful of other sites). That’s in part because
conventional ad revenue is down and in part because search ad revenue is down.
But isn’t Google (GOOG) supposed to be paying $900 million over three years in
a search deal? Yes, but only if News Corp. (NWS) hits certain traffic/query
guarantees, which isn’t happening anymore, says Murdoch. How much is MySpace
going to miss by? This question occasions much confusion on the call. “I don’t
know. But it will be a real figure,” Murdoch says. Then he throws out the
number $300 million. His lieutenants suggest that it’s closer to 10 percent,
or $90 million. I’ve since checked with News Corp. PR, which says the figure
is “in the 100 [million] zone for the year.” So what’s the plan to fix all of
this? “It’s a work in progress,” News Corp. officials say over and over during
the call. Chase Carey, Murdoch’s new number two, uses the phrase at least
three times in one answer. Any other color on overhaul plans? Nothing you
haven’t heard before: The company is trying to become an entertainment portal
instead of a social network. Carey: “We’re not trying to beat Facebook. We’re
not trying to beat Twitter.” (Disclosure: News Corp. owns Dow Jones, which
owns this Web site). Tagged with: ad, advertising, Chase Carey, deal, digital,
Dow Jones, earnings call, Facebook, Google, guarantees, Internet, Jon Miller,
MediaMemo, music, Myspace, News Corp., Owen Van Natta, Peter Kafka, portal,
PR, query, revenue, Rupert Murdoch, search, site, social network, traffic,
Twitter, Web site Twitter Asks You How You Use Twitter While You Watch TV,
While You’re Watching TV and Using Twitter December 24, 2013 at 3:00 am PT
(Almost) No One Is Reading Your Tweets December 23, 2013 at 11:00 am PT Happy
Holidays! Facebook Stuffs More Ads in Its Stockings. December 23, 2013 at 6:00
am PT Music-Discovery Service ExFM Pulls the Plug December 20, 2013 at 6:10 pm
PT Netflix Doesn’t Have the Market Cornered on Binge TV: Zombies + Walter
White Help AMC Win the Fall VOD War December 20, 2013 at 8:00 am PT Latest
Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version