WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Switching From Dial-Up to
DSL December 15, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s no other major
item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable and unreliable as our
personal computers. Everybody has questions about them, and we aim to help.
Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received recently from people
like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the questions a bit, for
readability. This week my mailbox contained questions about switching to DSL
from dial-up, browser hijacking and whether to wait for Windows Vista. If you
have a question, send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com, and I may select it to be
answered here in Mossberg’s Mailbox. We are satisfied users of dial-up
Internet access. Our only complaint is the very slow transfer rate of four
kilobits per second when we download updates for our security software. Would
a 768 kbps DSL line really download these files almost 200 times faster than
dial-up? It costs only slightly more than we pay for dial-up. Most Internet
services don’t actually function at the advertised speed, due to network
congestion and other factors. So, DSL isn’t going to operate at 768 kbps. But
it will probably run at 600 kbps or more, which is still vastly faster than
dial-up. And, since file transfers tend to be the speediest online activity on
DSL or cable modem services, you should see a dramatic reduction in the time
it takes to update your security software. With DSL now starting at around $15
a month, the same or less than dial-up typically costs, I can’t see any reason
why anyone who uses the Internet regularly should stick with dial-up access.
When I click on my browser in Windows XP, I get a page saying spyware is
detected, and my computer is under the control of a remote computer. This
screen tells me that I can solve this issue by downloading various security
programs I’ve never heard of. I’ve tried to get rid of this page by deleting
temporary files, cookies, files, programs — anything else I can think of — but
it keeps appearing. Neither Norton anti-virus nor Spybot gets rid of it.
Sounds like you have a nasty case of browser hijacking, a type of spyware that
seizes control of a browser to try and peddle dubious products that may
themselves install more spyware, even though they are posing as security
software. The people who invade computers and browsers in this manner deserve
to be locked up. You can’t get rid of pernicious spyware like this by madly
deleting files or changing browser settings. Only a strong anti-spyware
program can kill it and prevent it from reappearing. But sometimes you have to
try multiple anti-spyware programs to get the job done. You’ve already tried
one good one, Spybot, which failed. I suggest you go to Webroot.com and
download my favorite anti-spyware program, Spy Sweeper. If that doesn’t work,
try Ad-Aware or Counterspy. I am considering buying a PC with the Windows
Media Center operating system. But I am wondering if Media Center will be
updated when the new Windows Vista comes out. Should I buy now or wait? The
Media Center flavor of Windows is scheduled to be retired in the fall of 2006,
when the new Windows Vista is set to be released. Instead, the key functions
of Media Center — including the across-the-room remote control of music, TV,
photos and videos — will be folded into some versions of Vista. If you buy
now, and your new machine is hefty enough to run Vista, you should be able to
upgrade to the appropriate version of Vista and retain all your Media Center
functionality, with some improvements. But you’ll have to pay for the new
software. If you wait 10 months or so, you can buy a new PC pre-loaded with a
version of Vista that includes these functions. But you’ll have lost nearly a
year of use of the very good Media Center functionality available today. My
advice is: If you really need a new PC now, and really want the Media Center
functionality now, buy now, and plan to upgrade to Vista later. But, just be
sure you get hardware capable of running Vista. For my column on Vista-capable
hardware, see: ptech.wsj.com/guide-pc.html. * * * Because of the volume of
e-mail I receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or
consult on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I
receive and select three each week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S.
Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with browser, cable, DSL, Internet, media
center, modem, PC, Spybot, spyware, Vista, Webroot, XP Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version