WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello John Paczkowski ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow
@JohnPaczkowski Recent Posts by John Paczkowski This Is Your Captain Speaking:
Will the Gentleman in Seat 21A Please Stop Surfing Porn September 12, 2008 at
11:33 am PT Tweet Share Print Now that air-to-ground broadband has added
Internet porn to American Airlines’ in-flight entertainment offerings, the
company’s flight attendants are asking that it be taken off. The Association
of Professional Flight Attendants, which represents 19,000 AA employees, is
urging the airline to block access to Web content it feels is family-
unfriendly. “We’ve heard a lot of complaints from flight attendants and
passengers,” union spokesman David Roscow told Bloomberg, though he didn’t
offer up any actual incidents as proof. Which isn’t all that surprising,
really. After all, travelers have been able to bring pornography on flights
for as long as there have been commercial airlines. For crying out loud,
airport gift shops and newsstands sell porn. But it’s rarely a problem in-
flight because … well, who wants to be the creepy porn guy in seat 21A? And if
you don’t mind being that guy and your presence troubles other passengers,
your airline obviously have ways of managing that. Said American Airlines
(AMR) spokesperson Tim Smith: Our policy is to provide Wi-Fi capabilities the
way customers are most familiar using [them] at home, office, coffee shops and
on the road–with unfiltered connections that allow customers to get what they
need, when they need it. While it does provide a new access point for
information and content, customers viewing inappropriate material on-board a
flight is not a new scenario for our crews who have always managed this issue
with great success.” Tagged with: AA, air-to-broadband, airline, airport,
American Airlines, Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Bloomberg,
commercial airline, connection, content, customer, David Roscow, family-
unfriendly, flight, flight attendant, gift shop, in-flight entertainment,
inappropriate, Internet, John Paczkowski, newsstand, passenger, porn,
pornography, Tim Smith, traveler, union, Web, Wi-Fi Late Start May Be
Tempering China Mobile’s iPhone Preorders December 30, 2013 at 10:17 am PT
Twitter’s Tanking December 30, 2013 at 6:49 am PT 2013 Was a Good Year for
Chromebooks December 29, 2013 at 2:12 pm PT BlackBerry Pulls Latest Twitter
for BB10 Update December 29, 2013 at 5:58 am PT Apple CEO Tim Cook Made $4.25
Million This Year December 28, 2013 at 12:05 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version