WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Deleting Emails on an iPad
April 20, 2011 at 6:00 pm PT Tweet Share Print Q: How can I erase multiple
emails on my iPad all at once? A: Just go to your message list and click
“Edit” in the upper right-hand corner. A circle will appear beside each email
message. Simply tap the circle beside all the messages you wish to delete, and
then press the red Delete button at the bottom left. All the messages you
selected will be erased simultaneously. Q: Signing up for a new service
recently, I was told to access the service from a “secure” computer. What
constitutes a secure computer? Is a computer at the library secure? A: There’s
no precise definition of which I’m aware. However, I would say a secure
computer is one whose owner or operator has put in place all commonly used
security measures, such as turning on the firewall and running up-to-date
security software on Windows. It would also involve making sure the network on
which the computer runs has security measures in place. As for computers in
libraries, my view is that people should avoid performing confidential tasks
on a computer that uses any public network, whether in a library or a coffee
shop. Q: Do the BlackBerry Curve or Bold have an Internet radio app like the
ones that work with an iPhone? A: There are multiple Internet radio apps
available for current BlackBerry models through the BlackBerry App World
store. Among these are TuneIn Radio, iheartradio, and Wunder Radio. I haven’t
tested them, so I can’t recommend one over another. If you’re shopping for a
new BlackBerry, and want to determine if a particular app runs on that model,
you can check the Get Details section of the app listing in the web version of
the store, at http://bit.ly/18lmvX. Write to Walter S. Mossberg at
mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with Apple, Apple Tablet Feature, BlackBerry,
BlackBerry Feature, email, hardware, Internet, iPad, RIM Top Products in Two
Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT Diabetes Data Beamed
to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses, One Cable TV Bill
December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi December 03, 2013 at
6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03, 2013 at 6:12 pm PT
Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive of columns by Walt
Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal dating back to
2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version