WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Walt Mossberg ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @waltmossberg
Recent Columns by Walt Mossberg Mossberg’s Mailbox Windows XP: Home v.
Professional April 14, 2005 at 12:01 am PT Tweet Share Print There’s no other
major item most of us own that is as confusing, unpredictable and unreliable
as our personal computers. Everybody has questions about them, and we aim to
help. Here are a few questions about computers I’ve received recently from
people like you, and my answers. I have edited and restated the questions a
bit, for readability. This week my mailbox contained questions about Windows
XP and security patches for the Apple operating system. If you have a
question, send it to me at mossberg@wsj.com, and I may select it to be
answered here in Mossberg’s Mailbox. Because of the volume of e-mail I
receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or consult
on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I receive
and select three each week to answer in the column. I am going to order a new
computer using Windows XP. Would it improve the computer’s security if I chose
XP Professional over the Home version? Probably not. Windows XP Professional
does add some features that the Home version lacks. But they are mainly
related to configuring the computer for certain kinds of corporate networks
and for enabling remote access. They don’t include any significant additional
security measures that would protect a home user with a typical setup. A home
user might want to choose the Pro version if he or she regularly connects to a
large corporate or college network from home. Some of these networks use a
security system that works only with XP Pro, not XP Home. You wrote that
installing the Service Pack 2 on Windows XP has caused problems for some
users, but that you still recommend installing it. Do you continue to
recommend it? It’s not a black-and-white issue. There’s no doubt that SP2
closes a multitude of security holes that digital criminals have used to
attack or invade Windows computers. But, like any major update to an operating
system, it can cause problems — sometimes serious problems — for some users.
Also, SP2 isn’t a security panacea. It hasn’t eliminated the virus or spyware
problems on Windows PCs, and SP2 users still need a bunch of extra security
software. However, the security mess on the Windows platform is so severe
that, on balance, I do recommend SP2. Just make sure to back up all of your
important files, including e-mail, before installing SP2 — or any other major
upgrade to an operating system, on any platform. If the Macintosh is
invulnerable to viruses, as you often say, why does Apple issue security
patches for its operating system, just like Microsoft? First of all, the
Macintosh isn’t invulnerable to viruses, and I have never said so. In fact, I
have written the opposite. What I have said repeatedly is that, so far, there
haven’t been any reports of successful viruses for Apple’s current operating
system, Mac OS X. By successful, I mean a virus that infects, and spreads
among, the computers of real users — not just machines in a test lab.
Nevertheless, Apple does issue security patches for OS X, because the company,
and outside experts, periodically discover theoretical vulnerabilities that
might be exploited by virus writers and other digital criminals. Microsoft
does the same thing, but it also has to act on occasion to patch Windows to
stop actual successful viruses. * * * Because of the volume of e-mail I
receive, I can’t routinely answer individual questions by e-mail, or consult
on individual problems or purchasing decisions. I read all questions I receive
and select three each week to answer in the column. Write to Walter S.
Mossberg at mossberg@wsj.com Tagged with Apple, security, Windows, XP Top
Products in Two Decades of Tech Reviews December 17, 2013 at 6:04 pm PT
Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone December 10, 2013 at 6:16 pm PT Two Houses,
One Cable TV Bill December 10, 2013 at 6:14 pm PT Calling Overseas on Wi-Fi
December 03, 2013 at 6:18 pm PT Dell Tablets at Bargain Prices December 03,
2013 at 6:12 pm PT Search the Mossberg Archives AllThingsD contains an archive
of columns by Walt Mossberg and Katherine Boehret from The Wall Street Journal
dating back to 2005. Latest Video View all videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128&type;=allthingsd-
section&query;=Walt+Mossberg Search » Walt Mossberg’s Product Guides Desktop
PC’s and Laptops The Laptops to Buy Digital Cameras Digital Cameras Improve
Zooms, HD Function Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say
Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of
Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy
Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news
» Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews
Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product
Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup
Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone
Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet
in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version