WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Arik Hesseldahl ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @ahess247
Recent Posts by Arik Hesseldahl Hewlett-Packard: One Messy Piece of Business
Cleared Up, Many to Go October 29, 2011 at 1:16 pm PT Tweet Share Print “Glad
that long national nightmare is over.” That was the comment — paraphrased from
Gerald Ford’s inaugural address upon the close of the Nixon presidency — that
I received in an email from an industry source on Friday. The quote was sent
in reference to the now-concluded business surrounding Hewlett-Packard’s
exploration of “strategic options” concerning its Personal Systems Group. Now
that HP CEO Meg Whitman has concluded that the company is stronger with PCs
than without them, there remains a fair bit of unfinished business from the
dog’s breakfast of changes announced on Aug. 18. First and foremost are the
questions about the future — or lack thereof — of HP’s webOS business. The
only thing we know for certain is that HP is out of the business of hardware
that runs the operating system it picked up in last year’s $1.2 billion
acquisition of Palm. HP killed that business after sales of its TouchPad
tablet device proved initially disappointing, only to see reduced prices spark
a surge in interest from buyers. During a conference call with analysts
earlier this week, Whitman conceded that HP “needs to be in the tablet
business” — and that it intends to participate in that business using
Microsoft’s tablet-friendly Windows 8 operating system. She also said a long-
term decision regarding the webOS software business is forthcoming within the
“next couple of months.” HP has already carried out a round of layoffs in that
division. Another not very encouraging sign amid the ongoing uncertainty is
the departure of Richard Kerris — who had headed up HP’s webOS developer
outreach efforts — for a similar Windows-related job at Nokia. And related to
that is the fate of Jon Rubinstein, the former CEO of Palm and former head of
Apple’s iPod business unit. Once the public face of webOS — and of Palm before
that, as its final CEO — he has not been visible at all during any of HP’s
recent upheavals. That said, rumors have been almost nonexistent about
Rubinstein seeking or being recruited for a job elsewhere. It’s not like he
needs the work, but his apparent future is about as cloudy as that of the
webOS itself. Currently he’s a product guy without a product; his role at HP
is unclear. In July, he was bumped from his title as general manager of the
webOS unit and moved into an iffy “product innovation role” within PSG. One
thing is true: Rubinstein has a close relationship with Todd Bradley, who
leads the PSG unit. At least Bradley’s fate is cleared up: The high-profile
exec has been the subject of numerous reports and rumors, including a March
report in The Wall Street Journal that said he had been recruited by chipmaker
Intel. Since then, Bradley has been regularly asked about his future plans. It
was an open secret in Silicon Valley that Bradley feuded with HP’s prior CEO,
Léo Apotheker, and was not consulted about the PSG spinoff plan before it was
floated to the public. Still, he stood the best chance of being named the CEO
of whatever new company emerged from the plan. Yet Bradley’s voice was heard
solidly behind Whitman’s yesterday, both on the conference call and in an
interview with AllThingsD. Bradley made it clear he intends to stay with HP
for the forseeable future. His tone, both in public comments and in that joint
interview with Whitman, seemed sincere — meaning he has likely arrived at some
understanding with Whitman that will keep him at HP. And Whitman can’t afford
to lose a key member of an important business unit just now. (Although, as he
has been passed over three times for HP’s top job in recent years, any
lingering hopes that Bradley may have harbored of ever being CEO are probably
now dashed.) Outside of the consumer and PC space is the matter of Autonomy,
the British software firm for which HP paid $11.7 billion, in a deal also
announced on Aug. 18. There’s no question that the purchase price was high,
representing a 64 percent premium above Autonomy’s share price, for starters.
Many investors have frowned upon the deal, and some have even gone so far as
to sue HP over how it was handled, mainly because HP shares cratered after it
was announced. What is still to be fully explained is how HP extracts enough
value from Autonomy — and if enough value can be extracted to justify the
price paid. Finally, there’s the matter of HP’s results in the coming quarter.
With the company in a quiet period ahead of its Nov. 21 earnings announcement,
there are few hints as to whether or not HP will meet its already reduced
expectations for the quarter. Whitman insisted that no major announcements are
expected before then, suggesting that there won’t be any negative pre-
announcements. But much will depend on the tone of the forward guidance HP
gives as it looks to 2012. With its shares down nearly 33 percent so far this
year — they closed Friday at $27.94, up 85 cents, or more than 3 percent,
following Thursday’s decision — it can’t afford to miss another quarter. Once
a tech company known for the stability it has given investors, HP has had
nothing but unpleasant surprises for the last 14 months. Now that one piece of
the evolving story of the new HP is settled, many more are still in motion. I
talked about this and many of HP’s issues on The Wall Street Journal’s online
“Markets Hub” show on Friday, and have embedded it here: Tagged with: Acer,
acquisitions, Apple, Autonomy, Dell, enterprise, enterprise hardware,
enterprise software, hardware, Hewlett-Packard, HP, Jon Rubinstein, Meg
Whitman, Ouchpad, Palm, PCs, software, tablets, Todd Bradley, TouchPad,
unstructured data, webOS, Windows, Windows 8 Apple Denies Working with NSA on
iPhone Backdoor December 31, 2013 at 8:49 am PT You Won’t Believe All the
Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying December 30, 2013 at 12:15 pm PT HP Is
Negotiating to Settle Bribery Charges December 30, 2013 at 8:45 am PT CIOs
Brand Enterprise Social Tools as Most Overhyped Technology of the Year
December 30, 2013 at 3:39 am PT Malware Attacks by Syrian Pro-Government
Hackers Are on the Rise December 27, 2013 at 1:27 pm PT Latest Video View all
videos » api-
video/find_all_videos.asp&fields;=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count;=4&doctype;=128
Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt
Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley
Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA
Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a
More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy
Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space
Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine
Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt
Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in
Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD
began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media
timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we
hope you agree that we’ve done that.— Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their
farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site
devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media.
But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of
different media styles, different topics, different formats and different
sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy
» Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With
Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way »
Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront.
More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into
Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital)
@ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile)
@ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara
Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret)
@pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247
(Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac)
@BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All
Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal
Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher
John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik
Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow
Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version