AllThingsD » rights http://allthingsd.com Wed, 19 Feb 2014 15:45:11 +0000 en-
US hourly 1 https://wordpress.org/?v=4.3.16
http://allthingsd.com/theme/images/logo-rss.jpg All Things Digital
http://allthingsd.com/ 144 22 Katie Couric Deal to Become Yahoo's "Global News
Anchor" Set to Be Announced Monday http://allthingsd.com/20131123/couric-deal-
to-become-yahoos-global-news-anchor-set-for-monday/
http://allthingsd.com/20131123/couric-deal-to-become-yahoos-global-news-
anchor-set-for-monday/#comments Sat, 23 Nov 2013 15:16:29 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=374637 As AllThingsD had first reported in August
that it was working on, Yahoo is poised to announce a deal with well-known
television news star Katie Couric to do a high-profile online interview show
on its home page. The deal is set to be announced on Monday, said multiple
sources at the company, which could designate Couric as “global anchor” of the
Silicon Valley Internet giant. That title could change, of course. So could
the deal or its timing, although it seems set now after months of negotiations
with ABC News, which is both Yahoo’s online news partner and Couric’s current
home network. It’s not clear when the show itself will debut, though. It is
likely to center on exclusive interviews with a range of high-profile
celebrities, business execs and more, done by Couric specifically for the Web
and prominently featured on Yahoo’s heavily trafficked main page. There have
been negotiations among the trio over many months, since Disney-owned ABC
apparently holds rights to Couric’s digital output for the term of her ongoing
contract. Some news outlets are reporting that Couric will leave her special
correspondent job at ABC, where she has not actually appeared much. She also
has a syndicated talk show that runs through the end of the season. It’s the
latest flashy move by CEO Marissa Mayer to try to goose the staid image of
Yahoo and provide users with unique reasons to come to Yahoo. Couric and other
content initiatives are part of a larger plan to differentiate the site. Mayer
has spearheaded the latest efforts herself, using her own tech celeb status,
including hiring the New York Times’ tech reviewer David Pogue for a new tech
site and also engaging in talks with well-known TV personality and producer
Ryan Seacrest about possible ideas. As I noted in a previous post: This has
been tried by the Silicon Valley Internet giant many times before, mostly
without a lot of groundbreaking. That said: Netflix’s “House of Cards,”
people! And, of course, Yahoo already has some great and successful — though
less flashy — content efforts going, especially in sports and finance. These
have been flat-out terrific over the years, though the new streaming content
redesign does not do them any favors, IMHO. In addition, Mayer is essentially
using a similar content playbook to that of former media and sales head Ross
Levinsohn, who lost the top job to her. Until recently, she has been focused
on other areas, such as mobile, although this is the kind of move like those
she tried to make at Google when she was an exec there. Perhaps more
interestingly, it is a novel shift by Couric, who sources said became
interested in the idea of doing a Web-only news show when she attended a Yahoo
event for advertisers in the Caribbean last fall. That said, pre-Mayer, Couric
had also been engaged in talks with the company for some kind of Internet
presence since early 2011, according to internal memos from Yahoo from the
time (more on that later). And she also had talks back in 2004 when Lloyd
Braun was running Yahoo media. (Lloyd is vindicated!) It’s a risky gambit, in
some ways. No big TV name in the news arena has successfully jumped to the
Web, with the fascinating exception of former Fox News cable TV host Glenn
Beck. His variety of independent effort, which he calls a “fusion of
entertainment and enlightenment,” is a clear financial and audience hit.
That’s largely due to Beck’s rabid fan base that pays a subscription fee for
some content. Couric is certainly a big name for Yahoo to land, and the
company will surely aim both money and Web traffic at her in an effort to
succeed. She is also a charming ringer to trot out to advertisers, of course.
Couric has done less-prominent appearances for Yahoo, including in New York at
the NewFront ad event, and there is an offering called “Katie’s Take” on Yahoo
News, basically repurposed content from her ABC daytime talk show, “Katie.”
The new deal is obviously much more substantive and I am certain that Mayer
will bell-and-whistle its debut to within an inch of its life (call me, Katie,
if you need any tips about the sitch inside your almost new home). Since
Couric left her job as well-known news anchor at CBS and, previously, as
longtime star of NBC’s “Today Show,” she has been host of “Katie.” It debuted
its second season in the fall. Strengthening its online video efforts has been
a recent key focus for Mayer in reviving Yahoo’s fortunes, along with mobile.
Yahoo already tried unsuccessfully to buy France’s Dailymotion, and has since
been mulling other major acquisitions in the space. Yahoo has also struck a
pricey deal for the longtime video archives of “Saturday Night Live,” but that
money is much harder to recoup — perhaps impossible — compared to a show Yahoo
owns outright that catches on. Video ads are a big area of revenue growth
online as traditional graphical ads fade. Yahoo itself has seen a sharp
falloff of those key moneymaking ads under Mayer’s regime, part of a larger
trend impacting everyone. Mayer has waded into the arena herself (like I said,
she’s a hey-look-at-me CEO) in an unusual — but highly entertaining — video
presentation of Yahoo’s second-quarter earnings that was formulated in news-
broadcast style. “We think there’s room for lots of players and video really
comes down to the question of the content,” Mayer said on the first of those
calls. She has even tried out interviewing herself, questioning “Hunger Games”
star Jennifer Lawrence at a company event recently. While it was certainly a
game effort, let’s just say she’s no Katie Couric. What is entirely clear is
that Mayer does seem to like the limelight herself — a source of increasing
criticism, although in this she is not unlike a boatload of other ego-driven
CEOs in tech — and those who are in it. Hence, Couric and, presumably, others.
In the midst of all this Mayer deal-making, Yahoo is still without a media
chief, since the departure of Mickie Rosen this summer; it also recently lost
its video head, Erin McPherson. Internal sources said Mayer has said she is
aiming to hire top television execs for the jobs, to underscore the company’s
commitment to video. That job is now being done by COO Henrique De Castro,
although sources within Yahoo said that marketing chief Kathy Savitt has been
pushing internally to take over some parts of that arena, too. (Now, that
would be a reality TV show I would like to see on Yahoo!) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20131123/couric-deal-to-become-yahoos-global-news-
anchor-set-for-monday/feed/ 0 Hulu Bids Depend on TV-Show Rights
http://allthingsd.com/20130706/hulu-bids-depend-on-tv-show-rights/
http://allthingsd.com/20130706/hulu-bids-depend-on-tv-show-rights/#comments
Sat, 06 Jul 2013 18:05:53 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=339565 The big media
companies that created Hulu endowed the online video provider with arguably
its most valuable asset: Access to the current seasons of hit network-TV
shows. Now, as an auction of the site enters its final stages, with bids due
Friday, the media-company owners are trying to strike a balance between
maintaining Hulu’s access to that programming while retaining their ability to
strike big-ticket licensing deals with others. Read the rest of this post on
the original site ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20130706/hulu-bids-depend-on-tv-
show-rights/feed/ 0 Silver Lake Abandons Hulu Purchase Effort, as Final
Bidding Deadline Arrives Today http://allthingsd.com/20130705/silver-lake-
abandons-hulu-purchase-effort-as-final-bidding-deadline-arrives-today/
http://allthingsd.com/20130705/silver-lake-abandons-hulu-purchase-effort-as-
final-bidding-deadline-arrives-today/#comments Fri, 05 Jul 2013 15:36:17 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=339316 According to sources close to the situation,
Silver Lake will not make a follow-on bid to buy the Hulu premium video
service. The giant private equity firm had been allied in the effort with the
powerful Hollywood talent agency, WME, which it has invested in. The winnowing
of bidders should become clearer after today, which is the final deadline for
offers in what feels like the longest-running sale of an asset ever. Hulu is
owned by 21st Century Fox (formerly News Corp), Disney and Comcast. The trio
of media giants have had an uneasy relationship with each other and with the
service itself since it was launched many years ago. Thus it has been on the
block several times over the years, although this one has been the most
serious effort to resolve its fate. But sources have cautioned that it could
turn out that no sale happens if the bids do not come in at levels of about $1
billion. Until now, all of the bids have been nonbinding, with a range of
players all making various declarations of interest. Among the many tire-
kickers: Yahoo, DirecTV, Time Warner Cable, Guggenheim Partners, a joint bid
by the Chernin Group and AT&T;, as well as Silver Lake/WME. Silver Lake’s
departure from the main group is probably not a surprise, said sources, since
it did not sweeten its second bid as part of this process. That said,
depending on how the next and more serious round goes, it could later align
itself with one of the bidders left. In that, multiple sources now expect that
the multiplayer competition to buy Hulu will come down to four of those:
DirecTV, Guggenheim Partners, Time Warner Cable and the Chernin/AT&T; effort.
Each has pros and cons, of course, although DirecTV is considered the
frontrunner by many. Still, the situation is dicey, with worries focused on
issues such as the continuing departures of key management execs at Hulu. Most
problematic, though, are the various terms of the licensing rights for content
its owners are offering to whoever buys the service. A source at one bidder
called the terms “onerous,” while another said that the emergence of a number
of buyers for content has made it more difficult to build a big business at
Hulu going forward. Which, of course, begs the question of why they are
bidding at all. (Don’t you just love negotiation noise?) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130705/silver-lake-abandons-hulu-purchase-effort-as-
final-bidding-deadline-arrives-today/feed/ 0 Yahoo's Bid for Hulu in $600M to
$800M Range -- Even as It Preps Other Big Deals in Mobile and Communications
http://allthingsd.com/20130526/yahoos-bid-for-hulu-in-600m-to-800m-range-even-
as-it-preps-other-big-deals-in-mobile-and-communications/
http://allthingsd.com/20130526/yahoos-bid-for-hulu-in-600m-to-800m-range-even-
as-it-preps-other-big-deals-in-mobile-and-communications/#comments Sun, 26 May
2013 18:55:17 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=325412 According to numerous
sources close to the situation, Yahoo has bid from $600 million to $800
million for the premium video site Hulu. The reason for the wide range is due
to the fact that the Silicon Valley Internet giant — similar to most bidders
in the new effort to acquire Hulu — has proposed several different prices
based on a variety of circumstances. That includes the length of the licensing
rights for content and how much control the programming companies selling Hulu
have over their media. At the same time and separately, according to sources
inside the company, Yahoo is also contemplating at least two other significant
purchases — in the $150 million to $200 million range — each for a mobile and
a communications company. It’s certainly an ambitious and busy M&A; agenda for
Yahoo’s CEO Marissa Mayer, who just forked over $1.1 billion in cash to
purchase youth-skewing blogging site Tumblr last week. Presumably, she is
interested in upping Yahoo’s longtime lackluster video efforts — it famously
lost out at the last minute on the acquisition of YouTube many years ago to
Google — as the arena becomes more critical to advertisers. But, said sources,
while allowing the bid to proceed, Mayer is more focused on the integration of
Tumblr, as well as other acquisitions that will bolster other key product
areas. Thus, sources said that the Hulu effort is being led at Yahoo by Los
Angeles-based Ian Weingarten, VP of corporate development, who works for M&A;
head Jackie Reses. AllThingsD.com first broke the news of that deal, as well
as Yahoo’s initial interest and subsequent bid for Hulu, which is owned by a
trio of media giants: News Corp., Disney and Comcast. The site, which has both
a subscription and an advertising business, was on the market in 2011, with
the hope for a bid of $2 billion that came with several years of programming
rights. The sale was pulled after those higher bids did not materialize. But
Hulu is on the market again in the most advanced effort to sell it so far,
with bids coming in from a range of suitors over the last week. Yahoo’s Mayer
and COO Henrique De Castro had met with Hulu’s team earlier this month for a
get-to-know-you, just after an effort to buy a large stake in French video
site Dailymotion was blocked by the government there. Besides Yahoo, others
interested in acquiring Hulu include: Separate bids from private equity firms
KKR, Guggenheim Digital and Silver Lake (in conjunction with Hollywood talent
agency William Morris Endeavor); Time Warner Cable; DirecTV; and the Chernin
Group. There could still be others, of course, though a deadline for initial
bids has passed. Interestingly, so far, neither Google nor Amazon have made
official efforts, perhaps because the pair already have robust video
platforms. Chernin’s bid, as had been widely reported, started in the $500
million range, which is interesting since the longtime media executive was
once the COO of News Corp. and was critical to Hulu’s creation. Translation:
He’d know just what the video platform is worth and how the place works. Of
course, low bids at the start are part of the normal process; sources close to
the owners said that any bids under $1 billion are unlikely to be accepted.
One thing is certain: Now comes what will look a lot like a very noisy game of
musical chairs, in which the various groups will vie for one-upmanship, even
as they talk to each other about possible joint efforts. Who the most
attractive candidate is, of course, will be much debated. In addition, there
is much disagreement over who and how Hulu should be sold by two of its
owners, Disney and News Corp., which have squabbled over its direction from
the start. (Comcast gave up its management rights as a concession to federal
regulators a few years ago, so is sitting on the sideline twiddling its giant
cable thumbs and doubtlessly wishing it could be a bidder, too.) No matter the
ceaseless bickering among giants, the trio of media conglomerates are
providing Hulu’s most valuable programming, largely television shows from
their broadcast networks. And that is the real point of the negotiating,
according to many involved. “Hulu is a very nice brand and technology, but the
entire negotiation will be about the control and price of the content,” said
one person close to the situation. “It’s the only thing that matters.” I sent
an email for comment to Yahoo, but expect no response. (Full disclosure: News
Corp. owns Dow Jones, which owns this site.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130526/yahoos-bid-for-hulu-in-600m-to-800m-range-even-
as-it-preps-other-big-deals-in-mobile-and-communications/feed/ 0 Yahoo's Mayer
Has Met with Hulu Execs in a Preliminary Look-See at Premium Video Unit
http://allthingsd.com/20130507/yahoos-mayer-has-met-with-hulu-execs-in-a-
preliminary-look-see-at-premium-video-unit/
http://allthingsd.com/20130507/yahoos-mayer-has-met-with-hulu-execs-in-a-
preliminary-look-see-at-premium-video-unit/#comments Tue, 07 May 2013 23:20:44
+0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=319219 According to numerous sources close to
the situation, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer recently met with top execs at Hulu,
the premium video service whose big media company owners have been considering
selling it for some months. Sources said Yahoo is “in the process,” although
the Silicon Valley Internet giant has not made any kind of formal bid. Other
players whom sources said are considering purchasing all or parts of Hulu
include: Former News Corp. COO Peter Chernin, who now has a successful and
well-funded multimedia and investment company called the Chernin Group;
Guggenheim Partners digital arm, which is led by former Yahoo interim CEO Ross
Levinsohn; and Amazon. Sources said Mayer also had an extensive getting-to-
know-you meeting, which was apparently not held at Hulu’s offices in Santa
Monica, Calif., along with COO Henrique De Castro. The discussion is taking
place in the wake of Yahoo’s failed bid — largely engineered by De Castro — to
purchase a majority stake in France Télécom’s Dailymotion video service, after
a top French government official said Yahoo could not own 75 percent of the
company. Had the deal — which was reportedly valued at $300 million — gone
through, it would have been the most significant by Mayer since she took over
at the company last July. Thus far, she has limited her purchases to small
mobile startup. While the meetings with Hulu are only preliminary, Yahoo has
been to this video rodeo before, having seriously considering buying Hulu when
it was previously being shopped by its owners, News Corp., Disney and Comcast.
(News Corp. also owns this site.) Of course, if Yahoo’s interest becomes more
serious, Mayer will have to make important visits to top execs at those media
giants, since they control the rights to critical content, and thus Hulu’s
value. As Peter Kafka noted in a previous post about Hulu’s possible sale,
“much hinges on the licensing rights News Corp., Disney and Comcast would
provide for the money-losing site, as well as what happens to the $300 million
debt its owners have taken on in the last year.” Without those rights, Hulu by
itself is a very pretty Web site and video platform, but not worth the
billions it would be with very long-term television rights, content that
attracts users. Currently, sources said its media owners are offering two to
three years of rights, with a lot of flexibility over removing content from
the site, which is not quite as attractive a deal (to say the least). But
video is a key component of Yahoo’s strategy going forward. Along with mobile
efforts, Mayer has explicitly told investors that video was a key to company
under her tenure. Coincidentally, today in an onstage interview at a Wired
conference in New York, Mayer broadly addressed the video issue when asked a
question about the topic, noting it was important across all of Yahoo’s
properties. “I think video is really important … video is something that we’re
all innately designed and born to experience, everyone is born being able to
watch and to hear,” she said. “Video is just this amazing format.” Mayer would
know that well, having been at Google when the search giant bought YouTube,
ironically snatching it at the last minute from a competing bid by Yahoo,
which was then led by Terry Semel. Since then, YouTube has become the most
important and powerful player in the space by far. Yahoo, despite being one of
the largest video players on the Web, has mostly been a lackluster competitor
in the arena, pinging over the years from creating original content to doing
branded deals with media companies, but never establishing a major beachhead
with consumers as Hulu did from scratch. Short of a full acquisition, there
may be a way for Yahoo to partner and invest in Hulu, instead of buying it
outright that works for all sides — owners get a new owner to foot part of the
bill and also increase distribution, and Yahoo can claim that it’s providing
users with exponentially more content that would help Yahoo’s long-declining
engagement problem. Sources said News Corp. and Disney have mulled scenarios
where one or both companies hang on to the site, while Comcast has no control
over Hulu’s fate, having given up its management rights to the site as a
concession to federal regulators. But the strength of the Hulu brand is clear
and it has had some success in building a more significant business. While a
lot of its video offerings are free, about four million people are paying for
a Hulu Plus subscription. Still, Hulu’s strength might be lagging, especially
given after talented founding leader Jason Kilar recently left. Last year,
Hulu was a top 10 video site, according to comScore. No longer — in a report
in March, it had dropped out of the top 10. While this likely has more to do
with methodology than real decline in Hulu ratings, it does show that while
it’s the biggest thing Yahoo could buy or invest in, Yahoo itself has plenty
of video views, many more than Hulu. The question for Mayer then is how much
of Yahoo’s multi-billon-dollar cash kitty she wants to bet on a big video
play. She might also be considering buying several smaller ones, said sources,
with Yahoo having also looked at some smaller video sites, including Blip and
Grab Media. A spokeswoman for Hulu declined to comment and Yahoo PR has not
responded to a query for comment (if ever). ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20130507/yahoos-mayer-has-met-with-hulu-execs-in-a-
preliminary-look-see-at-premium-video-unit/feed/ 0 AOL Will Start Paying Out
Its Pile-o'-Patent-Cash to Shareholders This Week Via Stock Buyback
http://allthingsd.com/20120624/aol-will-start-paying-out-its-pile-o-patent-
cash-to-shareholders-this-week-via-stock-buyback/
http://allthingsd.com/20120624/aol-will-start-paying-out-its-pile-o-patent-
cash-to-shareholders-this-week-via-stock-buyback/#comments Sun, 24 Jun 2012
22:07:42 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=223668 For those AOL shareholders
waiting for a juicy dividend after the Internet company’s billion-dollar sale
of its patent portfolio to Microsoft, it appears you’ll have to get your gains
via a stock buyback that will be announced by the end of this week. According
to sources close to the situation, after evaluating tax considerations and
talking to major shareholders, New York-based AOL has decided that share
repurchase is the best way to realize its gains from the $1.056 billion sale
of its lucrative intellectual property of about 800 patents and nonexclusive
licensing rights to those the company continues to hold. The patent sale
undoubtedly helped AOL CEO Tim Armstrong in the company’s victory in defeating
an activist shareholder assault from the hedge fund Starboard Value and re-
electing its eight directors 10 days ago, as well as giving its stock a boost
of almost 80 percent since the beginning of the year. Even without a dividend,
the impact on AOL shares from a large buyback could be significant. Various
Wall Street analysts have pegged the value of the patent payout at about $11
per share, but that is not exact. The sale of AOL patents to Microsoft
officially closed on June 15. At the time, AOL said, as it had previously:
“AOL is committed to returning 100% of the patent proceeds to shareholders.
AOL’s Board and management team are currently working on determining the most
efficient and expedient method to return the proceeds of the patent
transaction.” Of concern, of course, is the possible impact if Starboard
decides to sell its 5.3 percent stake in the company. That could presumably be
assuaged if AOL includes one of Starboard’s nominees from its alternate slate
in a current hunt for two new board members. But sources said that was
unlikely and that AOL expects the disgruntled — and defeated — hedge fund to
shed its stake. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120624/aol-will-start-paying-out-
its-pile-o-patent-cash-to-shareholders-this-week-via-stock-buyback/feed/ 0 Fat
Lady Finally Sings: Yahoo and Alibaba Officially Shake on $7 Billion Stock
Sale Deal (Updated) http://allthingsd.com/20120520/yahoo-and-alibaba-
officially-shake-on-7-billion-stock-sale-deal/
http://allthingsd.com/20120520/yahoo-and-alibaba-officially-shake-
on-7-billion-stock-sale-deal/#comments Sun, 20 May 2012 22:34:03 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=210293 As AllThingsD reported several days ago they
would, Yahoo and Alibaba Group have finally reached an agreement for the
Silicon Valley Internet giant to sell back half its stake in the Chinese Web
company in a $7 billion deal. The taxable shares sale agreement, which is now
being approved by both boards, is part of a larger and more complex
arrangement, which will also include a multibillion-dollar stock buyback by
Yahoo and an eventual IPO of Alibaba. And, perhaps most importantly, it will
bring to an end what could be the longest running global cat fight in Internet
history, in which the long-time partners have bickered over the terms of their
relationship for years now. It has mostly been over how they could get to the
transaction they should be announcing later tonight (or morning in Hong Kong,
which it is there now). While it could fall apart at the last minute, that is
highly unlikely at this point. (Update: The Yahoo board has approved the deal
unanimously, said sources, so it is done done.) (Update 2: Yahoo and Alibaba
both confirmed the deal in a joint press release, which is below.) Thus, after
many failed attempts to strike a tax-free deal — also involving Yahoo’s
Japanese partner, SoftBank — collapsed, the pair have finally settled on a
taxable deal, which could net Yahoo upwards of $4 billion. The transaction
values Alibaba at $35 billion and is subject to a number of funding issues
that could change the value of the deal. But here is the overall situation, as
I previously reported: Yahoo is set to sell half of its roughly 40 percent
stake in Alibaba, in a taxable deal. The transaction is likely to value that
portion of Yahoo’s holdings at about $7 billion — or 20 percent of Alibaba’s
$35 billion enterprise valuation. Alibaba is in the midst of raising capital
to fund the sale. After taxes of upward of 35 percent are paid on the long-
term gains — remember that Yahoo bought the now-lucrative Alibaba stake for
just $1 billion in 2005 — the company will use the funds to buy back its own
shares. That stock has been caught in the mid-teens doldrums for quite a
while, so this could help boost shares significantly. A shareholder dividend
is also being considered by the Yahoo board, but it is unlikely. It’s also not
clear if some of the cash will be held back for acquisitions by Yahoo, sources
added, but it is also unlikely. As part of the deal, sources said, medium-term
incentives have been put in place for Alibaba to move forward with a public
offering, which sources stressed is without contractual obligation or a time
frame. Alibaba execs have already been publicly indicating such a direction
recently, but this will put them more firmly on that path. Although there are
no plans to go public as yet, the IPO incentive revolves around several terms,
including the right to buy back half the remaining stake, which expires in
December of 2015. As I previously reported, Yahoo will be required to sell
back half of the 20 percent remaining stake upon IPO and the other half after
that if Alibaba goes public in the time frame agreed to. Lastly, the Alibaba
voting rights for both Yahoo and SoftBank are much diminished in the new deal,
according to sources, to under 50 percent. Translation: Alibaba CEO Jack Ma is
now in the driver’s seat completely. Once close, the pair have been wrangling
over the large Yahoo ownership, which Ma has been trying to dislodge in a
variety of nice and not-so-nice ways. It has resulted in a number of very
public disagreements. That included a nasty back-and-forth over its Alipay
unit with now-fired CEO Carol Bartz, threats of takeover of Yahoo with private
equity firms and, more recently, making friendly with its just-ousted CEO,
Scott Thompson. Those talks with him in recent weeks, which included a visit
to China by Thompson, led to the new deal, which was negotiated primarily
between Yahoo’s CFO Tim Morse and legal head Mike Callahan and Ma and
Alibaba’s Joe Tsai. The talks continued even as Thompson was suddenly engulfed
in a controversy over a fake computer science degree on his resume that
quickly led to his departure from Yahoo. Ironically, the error was first
discovered by activist shareholder Daniel Loeb, who is now voting on the deal
as a newly named director of Yahoo, after successfully helping to oust
Thompson. He owns almost 6 percent of Yahoo. The final decision to approve the
deal was in the hands of a very new board of Yahoo, which has been drastically
reshaped in recent weeks. It met to decide on the deal this weekend. While the
deal with Alibaba is finally nearing an end, Yahoo’s talks to sell its 33
percent stake in Yahoo! Japan is not part of this agreement. That’s due to
what Thompson had called a “valuation gap,” which sources said is still an
outstanding issue. New interim CEO Ross Levinsohn has not been involved in the
Alibaba deal in any significant way. But he certainly will benefit from its
halo effect, if approved, especially given that it will likely boost Yahoo
shares. It also puts Yahoo in a unique situation, in which it must sink or
swim more largely based on the value of its troubled core business. That could
mean a lot of things, including the eventual sale of the company, whose most
lucrative asset recently — its Alibaba holding — will matter much less. As
soon as I get the press release, I will post it here, but no one is
commenting, despite the inevitable happy ending to this long-running story.
And here’s the press release, finally: Yahoo! and Alibaba Reach Agreement on
Comprehensive Plan for Alibaba Stake Agreement Realizes Significant Value,
Immediate Liquidity and Path to Future Monetization Yahoo! Board Increases
Share Repurchase Plan by US$5 Billion May 20, 2012 — Sunnyvale, California and
Hangzhou, China — Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) and Alibaba Group Holding Limited
today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement for a staged and
comprehensive value realization plan for Yahoo!’s stake in Alibaba. The first
step is the repurchase by Alibaba of up to one-half of Yahoo!’s stake, or
approximately 20% of Alibaba’s fully-diluted shares. The purchase price will
be based on a valuation of Alibaba to be established through equity financings
that Alibaba intends to undertake to finance the transaction, subject to a
floor valuation of approximately US$35 billion. The agreement includes
substantial financial incentives for Alibaba to raise the additional equity at
a valuation higher than US$35 billion. At the minimum price and assuming the
initial repurchase of the full 20% stake, Yahoo! would receive from Alibaba
consideration of approximately US$7.1 billion, composed of at least US$6.3
billion in cash proceeds and up to US$800 million in newly-issued Alibaba
preferred stock. The agreement also establishes a framework for Yahoo! to
monetize its remaining interest in Alibaba in stages. First, at the time of an
initial public offering (IPO) of Alibaba in the future, Alibaba will be
required either to repurchase one-quarter of Yahoo!’s current stake at the IPO
price or allow Yahoo! to sell those shares in the IPO. Second, following such
an IPO, Yahoo! has registration rights and rights to marketing support from
Alibaba to enable Yahoo! to dispose of its remaining shares, at times of
Yahoo!’s choosing following a customary lock-up period. This agreement is a
result of extensive discussions between the two parties and a comprehensive
review of both taxable and tax-efficient alternatives. Yahoo! and Alibaba
believe this agreement to be the best path to align incentives and maximize
value for shareholders of both companies and it paves the way for Alibaba to
achieve future public market liquidity for all of Alibaba’s shareholders. For
Yahoo!, the agreement provides for a staged exit over time, balancing near-
term liquidity and return of cash to shareholders with the opportunity to
participate in future value appreciation of Alibaba. “Today’s agreement
provides clarity for our shareholders on a substantial component of Yahoo!’s
value and reaffirms the significance of our relationship with Alibaba,” said
Ross Levinsohn, Interim CEO of Yahoo!. “We look forward to continued
collaboration with the Alibaba team on business initiatives as we explore
joint opportunities for growth and benefit from Alibaba’s future. I want to
thank Jack Ma, Joe Tsai and the Alibaba team, as well as Tim Morse, Michael
Callahan and our Yahoo! team for their dedication in achieving this successful
outcome.” “This transaction opens a new chapter in our relationship with
Yahoo!,” said Jack Ma, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Alibaba Group.
“I look forward to working with Ross Levinsohn and the Yahoo! team as Alibaba
builds China’s leading e-commerce company. Yahoo!’s global audience reach will
provide attractive partnership opportunities for Alibaba to explore markets
outside of China. The transaction will establish a balanced ownership
structure that enables Alibaba to take our business to the next level as a
public company in the future.” “We look forward to delivering the proceeds of
the near-term transaction to our shareholders, and to the further enhancement
of value and the additional monetization in the future that this agreement
enables,” said Timothy R. Morse, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Yahoo!. In addition to the share repurchase, the companies have
also agreed to amend their existing technology and intellectual property
licensing agreement. Among other things, this amendment will result in Yahoo!
granting Alibaba a transitional license to continue to operate Yahoo! China
under the Yahoo! brand for up to four years, while restrictions on Yahoo!’s
ability to make other investments in China will be terminated. Alibaba will
make an upfront lump sum royalty payment of US$550 million to Yahoo! and
continuing royalty payments for up to four years. In addition, Alibaba will
license certain patents to Yahoo!. Upon closing of the repurchase transaction,
the Alibaba shareholders’ agreement will be amended so that the parties’
respective rights will be commensurate with the parties’ post-closing level of
ownership in Alibaba. Yahoo! will continue to be represented on Alibaba’s
board of directors with the right to appoint one of four existing directors.
Yahoo! intends to return substantially all of the after-tax cash proceeds to
shareholders following the closing of the transaction. While the form of the
return of capital to shareholders has not yet been finalized, Yahoo!’s board
has increased Yahoo!’s share buyback authorization by US $5 billion
concurrently with this transaction. The transaction is subject to customary
closing conditions. Alibaba will be required to close the repurchase with
respect to at least one-quarter of Yahoo!’s current stake in Alibaba
regardless of the amount of financing raised, and up to one-half of Yahoo!’s
current stake if it obtains the requisite financing. Alibaba intends to
finance the repurchase through a combination of its own cash resources, debt,
equity and equity-linked financing. The transaction is expected to close
within approximately six months. UBS Investment Bank acted as lead financial
advisor to Yahoo! and Allen & Company LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. also served
as financial advisors. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP acted as lead
legal counsel to Yahoo! and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP also acted as legal
counsel. Munger, Tolles, & Olson LLP acted as legal counsel to the Yahoo!
Board of Directors. Credit Suisse acted as lead financial advisor to Alibaba
and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz acted as lead legal counsel to Alibaba.
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP acted as counsel to Alibaba on certain
financing and Hong Kong legal matters and Fenwick & West LLP acted as counsel
to Alibaba on intellectual property matters. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120520/yahoo-and-alibaba-officially-shake-
on-7-billion-stock-sale-deal/feed/ 0 Tweet Free or Die: In Defense of Occupy
Protester, Twitter Fights the Man http://allthingsd.com/20120508/tweet-free-
or-die-in-defense-of-occupy-protester-twitter-fights-the-man/
http://allthingsd.com/20120508/tweet-free-or-die-in-defense-of-occupy-
protester-twitter-fights-the-man/#comments Wed, 09 May 2012 00:49:19 +0000
http://allthingsd.com/?p=205490 Taking a bold stance on the privacy rights of
its users, Twitter on Tuesday filed a motion to quash a New York State court
ruling that would require the company to hand over information on one of its
users, Malcolm Harris, in connection with an ongoing investigation. “As we
said in our brief, ‘Twitter’s Terms of Service make absolutely clear that its
users own their content,'” Twitter legal counsel Ben Lee said in a statement
provided to AllThingsD. “Our filing with the court reaffirms our steadfast
commitment to defending those rights for our users.” Twitter’s filing comes
after Harris’s initial motion to quash was struck down in court. The court
found that Harris lacked the legal standing to challenge the request for
Twitter information on his own behalf. Harris, a senior editor at online
publication The New Inquiry, was arrested in conjunction with a massive Occupy
Wall Street protest last October that blocked the Brooklyn Bridge. He was one
of more than 700 people arrested. In Harris’s defense, Twitter cites the First
Amendment as grounds for support, contesting that “content that Twitter users
create and submit to Twitter are clearly a form of electronic communication
that, accordingly, implicates First Amendment protections.” Twitter also
contends that the request is a Fourth Amendment violation (unlawful search and
seizure, for those of you who skipped PoliSci 101). The reasoning behind
Twitter’s motion most likely boils down to two things: First, if Twitter users
as a whole don’t have sufficient standing to defend themselves against
subpoenas for information, it then becomes Twitter’s responsibility to do so.
With a subscriber base of more than 140 million active users, that’s a lot of
litigation to sort through. It’s simply a scaleability issue. So, on the one
hand, Twitter filing a motion that would essentially put the defense back in
Harris’s hands is essentially Twitter practicing enlightened self-interest.
But in another, more gallant way of viewing the case, the motion signals just
how strong Twitter is on the right to privacy of its user base. Aside from
safeguarding against a future of similar requests, Twitter doesn’t have to
stick up for its users like this. “In Internet meme parlance, Twitter is
basically telling the government: ‘Come at me bro,'” privacy researcher
Christopher Soghoian told AllThingsD in an interview. And it’s not the first
time Twitter has stood up to the government. Late last year, Twitter
challenged a court order requesting information on a number of people involved
with WikiLeaks, including Julian Assange. Specifically, Twitter challenged a
“gag order” included in the request, which specifically barred the company
from telling WikiLeaks members that the government was requesting their
account information. By challenging the order, Twitter effectively let these
account holders know that the government was going after their information,
which allowed them in turn to defend themselves against the government
requests. This may not sound like much. But most of this litigation is dealt
with by outside counsel which Twitter hired specifically to deal with these
cases, and that isn’t cheap. And there’s no direct financial incentive for the
company to stand up against a request for information such as this one. In
all, it’s a bold move by the microblogging company, and one it isn’t required
to make. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20120508/tweet-free-or-die-in-defense-of-
occupy-protester-twitter-fights-the-man/feed/ 5 So It's the Kodak Strategy for
Yahoo -- The Last Refuge of the Vaguely Patented
http://allthingsd.com/20120228/so-its-the-kodak-strategy-for-yahoo-the-last-
refuge-of-the-vaguely-patented/ http://allthingsd.com/20120228/so-its-the-
kodak-strategy-for-yahoo-the-last-refuge-of-the-vaguely-patented/#comments
Tue, 28 Feb 2012 14:00:19 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=178658 It was Yahoo
legal head Mike Callahan who had the thankless task yesterday of calling
Facebook’s general counsel Ted Ullyot to tell him the Silicon Valley Internet
giant was intent on pursuing patent lawsuits against the social networking
giant. The charge was being led by Callahan, as well as Chief Product Officer
Blake Irving and, especially, Yahoo’s new CEO Scott Thompson. Much of Yahoo’s
senior leadership had no idea of the impending move until Callahan informed
them it was about to happen at meeting Monday. Facebook had known of the
patent concerns of Yahoo for some months — the issue had also gotten some
coverage in the media — but had not engaged formally on the topic, several
sources said. So, the suddenly aggressive call also apparently blindsided
Facebook, even though it had been aware of the possibility of such an outcome.
Thus, it had little time to respond, since Yahoo was also simultaneously
briefing the New York Times, according to numerous sources at both companies,
and then released an astonishing statement to the newspaper: “Yahoo has a
responsibility to its shareholders, employees and other stakeholders to
protect its intellectual property. We must insist that Facebook either enter
into a licensing agreement or we will be compelled to move forward
unilaterally to protect our rights.” Apparently, Yahoo’s new motto: If you
can’t beat ’em — and it can’t — sue ’em. That would be Yahoo — the perpetual
98-pound weakling of the Internet these days — threatening powerful Facebook,
which had cleanly bested it by attracting hordes of users with a plethora of
popular products and services. Yahoo has already lost its audience to
Facebook, which was most recently followed by its frittering away a commanding
lead in display advertising, too. That would also be the Yahoo whose most
recent success in improving its increasingly tenuous connections with
customers was, in fact, by deeply integrating Facebook’s social hooks into its
Web properties. That would be the Yahoo which has failed time and again to
innovate its own offerings so drastically over the years that it has now
apparently decided that its first and best strategic move under Thompson’s
rule is a shakedown. Such a cynical move on rights Yahoo has long held seems
more a play for the cheap seats of Wall Street, given that the company needs
to look like it is doing everything it can to turn things around right now as
it faces a proxy challenge. First, it ended difficult talks with its Asian
partners, Alibaba Group and SoftBank, over selling back lucrative stakes
there. Now, according to sources, Yahoo’s Thompson has actually been trying to
make very nice with activist shareholder Daniel Loeb of Third Point — on-the-
down-low chitchats that might have played a part of this latest unusual move.
At least Kodak had a good excuse. The once iconic camera company had recently
been trying to take advantage of its trove of patents as a way to stave off
declaring bankruptcy. That didn’t work for Kodak, and it will also not work
for Yahoo, whose only real option is to try to innovate its way out of the
mess it has landed itself in. You know, with good ideas. Instead, the
company’s leadership has opted for a road that could rain down trouble and
paint Yahoo as a company bereft of talent to win any other way. And while a
range of intellectual property lawsuits have broken out all over the digital
sector, involving Apple, Microsoft, Google and many others, such a strategy
for Yahoo could be dangerous if it fails in its legal effort to take advantage
of its 1,000-plus patents, including those related to search and advertising.
Others — including such tech luminaries as LinkedIn’s Reid Hoffman, who co-
owns the seminal Six Degrees patent for constructing a networking database and
system — hold a number of critical social networking patents, too, so who
knows where this thing will go. Nonetheless, Yahoo has decided to emulate
those companies with one of the few valuable assets it might have, waging its
little war, right as Facebook is in the midst of its initial public offering
period. Yahoo has done this before, of course, having wrangled with Google
until right before it went public in 2004 over search patents from its
Overture acquisition. The pair settled 10 days before the Google IPO, with
Yahoo getting several million more shares of that stock (which it then, of
course, sold too soon). That certainly could happen here, with Yahoo managing
to grab a chunk of Facebook’s pre-IPO stock. That would mean that Yahoo’s most
valuable asset would be those shares, as well as its stake in Asian companies
it bought a while back for a bargain and now makes up a bulk of the company’s
valuation. As to Yahoo’s core business — investors consider it almost entirely
worthless. And let’s not forget: Facebook could also sue right back, which it
very well might do. Or, perhaps, cut off agreeable ties that have aided Yahoo
in recent years. In other words, in poking Facebook, Yahoo might now learn
what it is really like to be de-friended. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20120228/so-its-the-kodak-strategy-for-yahoo-the-last-
refuge-of-the-vaguely-patented/feed/ 0 Dancing Queen: After Meeting With
Microsoft Last Week, Yahoo Is Next on Hulu's Sales Card
http://allthingsd.com/20110705/dancing-queen-after-meeting-with-microsoft-
last-week-yahoo-is-next-on-hulus-card/ http://allthingsd.com/20110705/dancing-
queen-after-meeting-with-microsoft-last-week-yahoo-is-next-on-hulus-
card/#comments Tue, 05 Jul 2011 19:05:02 +0000 http://allthingsd.com/?p=94236
Here’s a handy helper for those following the fate of the Hulu premium online
video service, whose noisy efforts to sell itself have gotten a lot of
attention of late: “In preliminary talks” = “hawking itself to one of a half
dozen big moneybag tech companies who will visit with Hulu’s bankers and
management to see its presentation at Morgan Stanley’s office in Century City
in Los Angeles.” Last Friday, for example, that meant a look-see for Microsoft
execs, to show the software giant the story of how paying top dollar for the
popular Hulu would be a great investment. This week, sources said, Yahoo will
get the expected gander at the books too, among the other companies targeted
by Hulu as part of a sales process in its very early stages. Among those
companies on the short list, sources said, along with Microsoft and Yahoo are:
Google, Verizon, AT&T; and Amazon. None of these should come as a surprise,
since they all have a big interest in the digital distribution of content
business. Google is perhaps the most interesting and difficult of the group,
due to both its massive YouTube unit and the even more massive interest by
government regulators about its disturbing massiveness. Amazon is the company
that seems most suited as a Hulu buyer, since it already makes its business
selling and distributing content. In addition, Hulu CEO Jason Kilar was a
former exec — bringing a certain level of familiarity and presumably much less
of the grumpy disgruntlement that he experienced with Hulu’s current media
giant owners. Microsoft seems like the longest shot and least enthusiastic,
although it certainly could afford it. As for Yahoo: Good lord, it needs
something sexy to tell weary investors. Not in the initial round, but other
possible acquirers Hulu is targeting: Facebook, Netflix, Samsung and Liberty
Media. And definitely not among those kicking the tires: Disney, News Corp.
and Comcast, the trio of partners who own Hulu, along with Providence Equity
Partners. The big question, of course, is whether media-focused Apple — a
notorious buyer of almost nothing — would be interested in Hulu. These blind
dates with the best possible buyers will presumably give each insight into
Hulu’s business and give Hulu information on what they are looking for.
Sources who have heard the pitch said Hulu is positioning itself as an
inevitable competitor to cable, which seems an odd position to take, unless it
can get regular access to the kind of top-drawer content that consumers want.
And that will be the most important issue for anyone buying Hulu: The time and
terms of rights to the television and movie content on the site, which has
been a critical part of its success. Buyers I have interviewed said Hulu has
to offer at least an 18-month license for its content and a pile of rights to
hit shows to differentiate itself from competitors. As Peter Kafka wrote, Hulu
buyers would indeed get exclusive content, but with strings attached. He also
noted that the latest content licenses for Hulu’s owner/partners — Disney’s
ABC and News Corp.’s Fox — have recently been completed, deals that will stay
intact if Hulu is sold. Unlike Netflix, which has had to pay top dollar for a
small pile of premium content while deftly using a large archive of older
content to attract subscribers, Hulu’s success has had a lot to do with more
access to popular current shows offered by its media giant owners. Those shows
include TV hits such as “The Office” and “Glee.” That access has become a
point of contention with those owners, who have differed with Hulu management
about what comes next for the mostly advertising-supported site, even though
its slick product has been a clear hit with consumers. Of course, some
speculate that Hulu might not sell at all, just as it never went public as it
had said it might do previously. In that case, it will be interesting to see
what will become of Hulu once the music stops. (And, if anyone would like to
email me the Hulu presentation or notes on it, please do, so I can formulate a
bid myself!) But, until this deal churns slowly, leakily and loudly forward —
let’s enjoy some apt Hulu content. As usual, the fun version of ABBA’s
“Dancing Queen” by the kids from “Glee” was not available on the site. Thus, I
selected frequent “Glee” guest star Gwyneth Paltrow belting out Joan Jett’s
“Do You Wanna Touch Me” on the show, as a good alternate metaphor for the
sales process: ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110705/dancing-queen-after-meeting-
with-microsoft-last-week-yahoo-is-next-on-hulus-card/feed/ 0 Pandora's Music
Fees Are Huge! And Not That Bad. http://allthingsd.com/20110212/pandoras-
music-fees-are-huge-and-not-that-bad/ http://allthingsd.com/20110212/pandoras-
music-fees-are-huge-and-not-that-bad/#comments Sat, 12 Feb 2011 12:00:51 +0000
http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=29694 After Pandora filed to go public
Friday, some people were taken aback to learn the company was spending half of
its revenues on “content acquisition”–the royalties it pays the owners of all
the music the service streams. They shouldn’t be. Pandora has always been up
front about the fact that royalties are its biggest expense. And that those
fees increase in lockstep with the music service’s popularity. But while
spending half of every dollar it brings in on royalties is a burden, it could
be worse. A lot worse. Prior to the summer of 2009, when Pandora and other Web
services negotiated a new royalty deal, Pandora’s music bill was more than 100
percent of its revenues. Check out this table from Pandora’s S-1, which breaks
out each line item in its P&L; as a percent of revenue. Notice how brutal the
first two quarters of 2009 were. And see how much more tolerable (or at least
less awful) they became after July 2009, when Pandora got its new rates (click
image to enlarge): See? Now 50 percent doesn’t look that bad. And while
Pandora’s music fees are hefty, the system that generates those bills is
really one of the company’s strengths. That’s because unlike other music
services, from Apple’s iTunes to Spotify, Pandora doesn’t have to negotiate
with individual labels and publishers to use their stuff. Instead, it takes
advantage of a U.S. law that created a “compulsory license” for Internet
radio. That allows anyone to stream any recorded music they want, as long as
they’re willing to pay for it. And as long as they’re functioning as a
“Webcaster” and not an on-demand “interactive service.” The advantages of
using the compulsory license are huge. It means Pandora never had to ask the
big labels for permission to use their stuff, or pay out giant advances or
equity stakes to get a deal done. While the licenses do come with
restrictions–that’s why Pandora doesn’t let listeners request individual
songs, and limits the number of times users can skip a song per hour, etc.-
they haven’t dissuaded some 80 million people from using the service. Those
licenses don’t exist outside of the U.S., which is one reason Web radio
services are such a rarity everywhere else, and why Pandora may struggle with
international expansion. And the fees that Pandora does pay will escalate each
year until 2015, when it has to negotiate a new royalty agreement with the
music industry. It’s always possible that the rates will get significantly
worse for Webcasters then, and that Pandora ends up in the shape it was in
prior to the summer of 2009. But for the next four years, at least, Pandora
thinks it can work with the music bills its users are generating. Now we’ll
see if investors agree. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20110212/pandoras-music-
fees-are-huge-and-not-that-bad/feed/ 9 Another Music Service You Didn't Pay
for Shuts Down http://allthingsd.com/20110118/another-music-service-you-didnt-
pay-for-shuts-down/ http://allthingsd.com/20110118/another-music-service-you-
didnt-pay-for-shuts-down/#comments Tue, 18 Jan 2011 16:20:34 +0000
http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=28214 Here’s another swing and a miss by
the big music labels: “Comes With Music,” a plan to bundle music downloads
with Nokia phones, is going away. It’s not a complete failure, apparently, as
Nokia will continue to support the service in six countries, including China.
But it will pull the plug in 27 other countries. (It never arrived in the
U.S.) The idea, pushed in large part by Vivendi’s Universal Music Group, was
that consumers would pay a premium for certain Nokia phones and get access to
all-you-can-eat music. A couple of problems, per Reuters: Consumers didn’t
want it, and carriers didn’t support it. It’s possible that the Nokia plan was
sunk because of a complicated digital rights management scheme that more or
less locked the music onto the phones. But it may be that people just aren’t
that interested in paying for all-you-can-eat music, whether that payment is
bundled into the price of the phone, or via a month-to-month subscription
service. In the U.S., there is no shortage of the latter–Rhapsody, Best Buy’s
Napster, MOG, Rdio, Thumbplay, etc.–but they haven’t caught on despite years
of effort. In Europe, for now, Spotify seems to be gaining some
traction–people familiar with the company say it now has one million paying
subscribers, up from 750,000 last fall, but that’s still not mainstream.
Subscription services were supposed to get more popular once they started
playing nicely with Apple’s iPhone, but that has kicked in over the past
couple of years without any noticeable bump. Now subscription advocates are
pining for another boost from Google, which they imagine will end up
partnering with one of the services instead of building its own. And if Google
wanted to, say, provide every Android buyer with a couple months of free
subscription music, they argue, then subscriptions might finally catch on.
Could be! But I wouldn’t count on it. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110118/another-music-service-you-didnt-pay-for-shuts-
down/feed/ 5 Comcast Bringing Live TV to Your iPad (In Your House)
http://allthingsd.com/20110105/comcast-bringing-live-tv-to-your-ipad-in-your-
house/ http://allthingsd.com/20110105/comcast-bringing-live-tv-to-your-ipad-
in-your-house/#comments Wed, 05 Jan 2011 15:57:34 +0000
http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=27632 Here’s a logical, and cool, marriage
between your iPad and your TV, brokered by Comcast: The cable company says it
will let subscribers stream live TV to their tablets later this year. The
catch here is that the capability, which will be offered on Apple’s iPad as
well as tablets running Google’s Android, will only work inside subscribers’
homes. So you still can’t watch a live episode of “Two and a Half Men” on your
iPad in the airport, but you will be able to watch it in your kitchen, while
your better half watches “Frontline” in the living room. Or whatever. It’s
worth noting that Verizon announced its own version of this feature (with the
same limitations), for its FiOS TV subscribers last summer, but has yet to
roll it out. Comcast will be demoing the feature later today at a Citigroup
investors conference, but won’t be providing details about timing, or if there
will be any programming restrictions on what you can watch on your tablet.
It’s possible there could be some holdouts, but the cable giant ought to be
able to offer just about everything, since there’s no issue with carriage
rights or ad loads, etc.–tablet watchers will be watching whatever’s already
on live TV. The killer feature, of course, would be the ability to do this on-
the-go, but we’re not there yet, and it may take awhile to get there. Mobile
rights for video–especially live video–are a whole different ball game.
Meantime, though, Comcast is offering a half-step–as previously promised, it
will let traveling iPad users start to watch a selection of on-demand content,
via its Xfinity TV app. Comcast says it will offer some 3,000 TV shows and
movies that iPad users can watch on-demand, over any network–AT&T;’s 3G, or
Time Warner Cable’s broadband, or whatever. Once that feature is up and
running, which should be shortly, we’ll be able to compare that catalog to the
ones that Netflix and Hulu Plus are offering for $7.99 a month. And that’s the
big picture here: Comcast and the other big cable providers, which continue to
insist that cord-cutting isn’t real, want to make sure that it doesn’t become
a reality, by offering their subscribers access to as much stuff, in as many
places, as they can. It’s going to take years to find out whether that works
or not, but best to start experimenting ASAP. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110105/comcast-bringing-live-tv-to-your-ipad-in-your-
house/feed/ 2 Viacom Sold Rock Band for a Song. A Really, Really Cheap Song.
http://allthingsd.com/20110104/viacom-sold-rock-band-for-a-song-a-really-
really-cheap-song/ http://allthingsd.com/20110104/viacom-sold-rock-band-for-a-
song-a-really-really-cheap-song/#comments Tue, 04 Jan 2011 11:30:34 +0000
http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=27558 Here’s what happens when a red-hot
videogame franchise goes cold: You can buy the whole company for the same
price as a single copy of the game. I had a hunch that Viacom sold off
Harmonix, which makes the Rock Band games, at a steep discount last month. But
I’m still surprised it was this cheap: I’m told that investment group Columbus
Nova paid $49.99–the list price for “Rock Band 3”–and got the entire company.
There’s more to the story, of course: People familiar with the transaction
tell me Harmonix’s buyers also assumed the game company’s liabilities. That
includes expensive music rights fees, and responsibility for lots of unsold
games and equipment sitting on warehouse shelves. And I’m told that the deal
is structured in a way that will let Viacom net something like $150 million in
tax benefits, similar to the AOL/Bebo fire sale last year. Given that Viacom
paid $175 million for Harmonix a few years ago, things could be worse.
[UPDATE: The Los Angeles Times reports that Viacom will actually receive a $50
million tax benefit, and offload $100 million in liabilities. That makes more
sense, and I’ve since confirmed it myself. My apology for the error.] Still,
it’s a fire sale price no matter how you look at it. And that can’t be
comforting to Harmonix’s remaining employees, who are likely going to be
facing a very serious restructuring. Columbus Nova’s PR reps wouldn’t comment
on the sale terms (neither would Viacom) but pointed me to an earlier
statement from the company, which said it was “really excited about backing
the world-class team that has consistently produced such great games and
helping them grow the company and its brands.” ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20110104/viacom-sold-rock-band-for-a-song-a-really-
really-cheap-song/feed/ 0 New Miramax CEO Lang Talks Digital Options for Movie
Company http://allthingsd.com/20101209/new-miramax-ceo-lang-talks-digital-
options-for-movie-company/ http://allthingsd.com/20101209/new-miramax-ceo-
lang-talks-digital-options-for-movie-company/#comments Thu, 09 Dec 2010
13:02:47 +0000 http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=38359 While the news has been be
out there for a month, Miramax officially confirmed this morning that former
News Corp. exec Mike Lang was named CEO of the Hollywood movie company. What
will be interesting about that for digital content players will be to see
exactly what the man who was deeply involved in deals to buy the Myspace
social networking site and also create the Hulu premium video service will do
with Miramax’s rich trove of more than 700 award-winning films, including
“Shakespeare in Love” and “Pulp Fiction,” in its movie library. Lang left his
post as EVP of business development and strategy at Fox Entertainment,
including its film studio, broadcast network, sports and cable channel,
earlier this year. BoomTown spoke to him last night about his new job, which
came after he advised the group that finally won Miramax–Filmyard Holdings.
“We are trying to take this company to the next level by exploring not only
our traditional options, but our digital ones,” he said. Miramax will not be
aggressive in making new movies, but in taking advantage of the sequel rights
it has to a number of hits, as well as the existing movies, which include four
of the last 15 Best Picture Oscar winners. “Our strategy is still emerging,
but we want to exploit our assets in a variety of ways,” said Lang, who noted
that could include everything from subscription deals with online video
services, such as Netflix and Amazon, to digital content lockers in the cloud.
“We want people to be able to access our content across multiple medias,” he
said. “We’ll take any payment, of course, but we also have to be smart about
how we do these things.” Lang, who has always had a foot in both worlds, said
he thinks that digital media could develop similarly to the way traditional
media has. “There is no reason to think that digital will not emulate older
media, with different windows in which subscribers watch content,” he said.
But, said Lang, he also thinks there is still life in physical media, such as
Blu-ray players. Since the deal just closed with former Miramax owner Disney,
there are no employees yet for the Santa Monica, Calif.-based company. But
once he staffs up, Langs said he hopes to present a different picture of
Hollywood to the digerati than the more typical wary hostility. “Our goal
really is we want to send a signal that we are a different company,” said
Lang. “Not only about digital, but in being an innovative company.” Here is
the official press release about Lang: MICHAEL LANG NAMED MIRAMAX CEO SANTA
MONICA, CA–December 8, 2010–Miramax today announced that Michael Lang has been
appointed chief executive officer, effective immediately. Lang will be based
at the new Miramax headquarters in Santa Monica and will oversee the renowned
Miramax film library, which was acquired by Filmyard Holdings on December 3,
2010. “I have known and worked closely with Mike for almost 20 years and have
always respected his talents,” said Richard Nanula, chairman of Miramax and a
principal at Colony Capital. “We are confident that he is the right person to
lead Miramax in its next phase of growth.” “I have always admired the Miramax
library, which includes many respected titles and award-winning films,” said
Lang. “Based on the quality of these assets, I believe bringing new life to
this library–by working with traditional and new partners–will be an exciting
and unprecedented story of growth and innovation. I am honored by this
opportunity, and I look forward to working with my partners as we build a new
kind of media company.” Lang, 45, most recently served as a consultant to
Filmyard in its acquisition of Miramax. Prior to that, he was EVP, Business
Development and Strategy at Fox Entertainment, responsible for strategic
initiatives across News Corp.’s entertainment assets, including Fox’s film
studio, broadcast network, sports and cable channels. Lang played key roles in
the acquisition of MySpace and the formation of the MySpace Music joint
venture, and he led the creation of Hulu, with major broadcast partners. In
addition, Lang was involved in Fox’s mobile, digital and video game
initiatives. He joined Fox in 2004. Prior to Fox, Lang served as a consultant
on media-related investments. In the late ’90s, he was a founding executive of
Z.com. Lang began his career at The Walt Disney Company in Strategic Planning.
Lang earned his MBA with high distinction at Harvard Business School and he
holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Claremont McKenna College. (Full
disclosure: News Corp. owns Dow Jones, which owns this site.) ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101209/new-miramax-ceo-lang-talks-digital-options-for-
movie-company/feed/ 0 Google's 42nd Acquisition of the Year: Widevine
http://allthingsd.com/20101203/googles-42nd-acquisition-of-the-year-widevine/
http://allthingsd.com/20101203/googles-42nd-acquisition-of-the-year-
widevine/#comments Fri, 03 Dec 2010 23:00:44 +0000
http://digitaldaily.allthingsd.com/?p=53640 Back in January, Google CEO Eric
Schmidt predicted the company would make one acquisition a month. Now with the
year nearly finished, the company has made 41–including Phonetic Arts, whose
purchase it announced earlier today. Many of the buys were deemed “not
material individually,” but the significant ones numbered in the high 20s.
That’s more than double Schmidt’s original forecast, and Google’s clearly not
through yet. Moments ago, the company announced the acqusition of video
optimization outfit Widevine for an undisclosed price. “We’re pleased to
announce that we’ve agreed to acquire Widevine,” the company said in a post to
its blog. “The Widevine team has worked to provide a better video delivery
experience for businesses of all kinds: from the studios that create your
favorite shows and movies, to the cable systems and channels that broadcast
them online and on TV, to the hardware manufacturers that let you watch that
content on a variety of devices. By forging partnerships across the entire
ecosystem, Widevine has made on demand services more efficient and secure for
media companies, and ultimately more available and convenient for users.” For
Google, which ramped up its video efforts with the launch of Google TV last
month, the acquisition is an important one for bolstering its streaming video
offerings. The Seattle-based Widevine specializes in digital video
optimization and digital rights management, and its services are used by
everyone from Netflix and NBC.com to AT&T.; Interesting to see Google snapping
up a video DRM company (Widevine did Flash DRM before Adobe), considering its
purchase of On2 last year and its subsequent release of On2’s VP8 video codec
as an open standard (something that did not go over well at MPEG-LA, the
consortium that controls the AVC/H.264 video standard). ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101203/googles-42nd-acquisition-of-the-year-
widevine/feed/ 0 Netflix Shatters Pay TV Window With FilmDistrict Deal
http://allthingsd.com/20101201/netflix-shatters-pay-tv-window-with-
filmdistrict-deal/ http://allthingsd.com/20101201/netflix-shatters-pay-tv-
window-with-filmdistrict-deal/#comments Wed, 01 Dec 2010 15:48:02 +0000
http://digitaldaily.allthingsd.com/?p=53403 Intent on remaking the cable
landscape, Netflix this morning inked another distribution deal, this one with
FilmDistrict. Under its terms, first-run films that typically would have been
licensed to cable channels for broadcast during the so-called “pay TV window”
will now instead go to Netflix for streaming. The deal is the latest in a
string of pacts that are fast transforming Netflix into a true Web-based movie
channel. With streaming rights to films from Paramount, Lionsgate, Sony,
Disney and MGM studios, and a new streaming-only service priced at $7.99 a
month, the company is increasingly becoming more competitive with the cable
incumbents. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20101201/netflix-shatters-pay-tv-window-
with-filmdistrict-deal/feed/ 0 When Does Amazon and Everyone Else Get the
Beatles? Good Question. http://allthingsd.com/20101116/when-does-amazon-and-
everyone-else-get-the-beatles-good-question/
http://allthingsd.com/20101116/when-does-amazon-and-everyone-else-get-the-
beatles-good-question/#comments Tue, 16 Nov 2010 16:09:45 +0000
http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=25882 So you can buy the Beatles on iTunes.
When will you be able to buy the band’s music from other digital retail
outlets? Good question, says EMI Music, the label that distributes the band’s
music. Apple has exclusive digital rights for the Beatles “into 2011,” says
spokesman Dylan Jones, and he notes that the exclusivity doesn’t expire on the
first of January. But he confirms that the exclusivity does indeed have an
expiration date. So when that date comes, we should expect to see the Beatles
everywhere else you can get music online, right? Namely Amazon, and the
subscription services that rent music by the month, like Spotify, Rhapsody and
Microsoft’s Zune? Or Google, if and when it launches its music service?
“That’s a question, isn’t it,” Jones says, and doesn’t offer more. Couple of
theories here: The easiest explanation is that the Beatles music will follow
the path of other digital exclusives, and become widely available after Apple
gets its run. It’s also possible that Apple and the Beatles will renew their
exclusive before it expires. That hasn’t happened before, but if Steve Jobs
really, really wants to make it work, I guess he could. The most intriguing
possibility: The Beatles leave iTunes once their deal ends–and don’t come back
to digital again. Seems silly, but big traditional media loves “windowing”
their content, and I suppose someone might convince the band this would be a
clever way to go–show up, make a splash, walk away and then try it again down
the road, like a band that’s always going on a farewell tour. Hope not! ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101116/when-does-amazon-and-everyone-else-get-the-
beatles-good-question/feed/ 13 Labor Board Backs Worker Who Criticized on
Facebook http://allthingsd.com/20101109/labor-board-backs-worker-who-
criticized-on-facebook/ http://allthingsd.com/20101109/labor-board-backs-
worker-who-criticized-on-facebook/#comments Tue, 09 Nov 2010 13:00:50 +0000
http://voices.allthingsd.com/?p=32233 The National Labor Relations Board is
taking a stand on employees’ rights to post negative comments about
supervisors on social networking sites, alleging that a company illegally
fired a worker for criticizing her boss on Facebook. The agency disclosed the
complaint last week against ambulance service American Medical Response of
Connecticut Inc. The NLRB, an independent federal agency that settles disputes
between private-sector employers and employees, said the supervisor questioned
the employee about a customer complaint on her work but that the employer
illegally denied her representation from her union during the probe. The
employee later posted the negative remark about the supervisor on her personal
Facebook page from her home computer. Read the rest of this post on the
original site ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20101109/labor-board-backs-worker-who-
criticized-on-facebook/feed/ 0 Apple's Song Remains the Same, But Could Get
Longer http://allthingsd.com/20101103/apples-song-remains-the-same-but-could-
get-longer/ http://allthingsd.com/20101103/apples-song-remains-the-same-but-
could-get-longer/#comments Wed, 03 Nov 2010 10:09:51 +0000
http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=25437 Apple appears ready for an extended
play: It’s about to offer 90-second samples of songs for sale at its iTunes
store, up from the industry-standard 30 seconds. Apple has been trying to
offer the feature for months, and CNET says the company may still be
negotiating with labels and publishers for the rights. But if the move helps
sell more music, there’s no reason for the industry not to embrace it: Digital
song sales have been stagnating. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20101103/apples-
song-remains-the-same-but-could-get-longer/feed/ 5 Justices Split on Violent
Games http://allthingsd.com/20101103/justices-split-on-violent-games/
http://allthingsd.com/20101103/justices-split-on-violent-games/#comments Wed,
03 Nov 2010 07:00:05 +0000 http://voices.allthingsd.com/?p=31988 The Supreme
Court seemed split Tuesday over First Amendment protection for videogames,
scrambling the justices’ typical ideological lineup in a conflict between a
new medium’s free expression rights and government efforts to shield youth
from bad influences. A 2005 California law bans those under 18 from buying or
renting violent videogames that appeal to “a deviant or morbid interest in
minors.” Lower courts struck down the law, under precedent authorizing
government to restrict youth from only one type of material, obscene sexual
content. In seeking the law’s reinstatement, Zackery Morazzini, a deputy state
attorney general, told the court: “California is no less concerned with a
minor’s access to the deviant level of violence that is presented in a certain
category of video games” than it is with sexually explicit material. Read the
rest of this post on the original site ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101103/justices-split-on-violent-games/feed/ 0 Hulu's
"Modern Family" Problem http://allthingsd.com/20101013/hulus-modern-family-
problem/ http://allthingsd.com/20101013/hulus-modern-family-problem/#comments
Wed, 13 Oct 2010 19:18:16 +0000 http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=24472
Hulu’s pitch to viewers: We have all the great network TV shows you want to
watch, for free. The pitch for Hulu Plus: Pay us $9.95 a month and you can
watch even more episodes of those same shows. But Hulu Plus can’t show
subscribers all of the episodes of all the shows in Hulu’s catalog. Rights
issues mean that certain shows will flit on and off the service, and it’s up
to subscribers to figure that out for themselves. Example: “Modern Family,”
ABC’s award-winning hit sitcom, disappeared from both Hulu and Hulu Plus this
summer after its first season. Now it’s back. But both services are only
offering shows from the current season–there’s no way to go back and catch up
on last year’s shows, even if you’re paying. I think, but haven’t been able to
confirm, that this has to do with DVD sales for the show, which is produced by
News Corp.’s (NWS) 20th Century Fox. I’ve got queries into both Fox and
Disney’s (DIS) ABC to try to confirm. Meantime, here’s what Hulu has to say:
Yes, the first season of Modern Family is no longer on Hulu Plus. We
acknowledge this can sometimes be confusing for TV fans, so we do all we can
to provide as much advance notice as possible when shows are slated to come
down. Below is an example from our Saturday Night Live show page on Hulu Plus.
You’ll notice it says “New episodes are posted Sunday afternoons and are
available for 17 days.” This is consistent across all our content. Of course,
we keep content on Hulu and Hulu Plus for as long as possible. We can’t offer
a specific reasons why a particular video may be taken down, as streaming
clearances differ from show to show. And sure enough, if you head to each
show’s Hulu page, you’ll find a different set of availabilities. Regular Hulu
users can only see the last five episodes of “The Family Guy,” for instance,
while Hulu Plus subscribers can see all nine seasons. But even if you’re a
paying customer, Hulu can only show you five episodes of “The Simpsons,”
period. Meanwhile, the last season of “Lost” fell off both the free and paid
services last month, and the other five seasons will go away at the end of the
year. Etc. To be fair to Hulu, it’s certainly not the only service negotiating
the frustrating rights/windows patchwork. Everyone who deals with digital
media has to navigate this stuff. And none of it makes sense to viewers who
just want to watch their shows, when they want to watch them. But the
patchwork is a bigger deal for Hulu, because the service’s primary pitch is
that it’s a one-stop shop for all your TV viewing (or at least your broadcast
TV viewing). Instead it’s really closer to a half-stocked Super Target:
There’s a lot of stuff in there, but you still may not find what you need.
Hulu competitor Netflix (NFLX) offers lots of TV shows via its paid streaming
service, too. But it pointedly doesn’t play up the presence of any particular
show–Reed Hastings and company simply tell consumers that they’ll find shows
they like. But if you’ve ponied up $10 a month for Hulu Plus and find that you
still can’t watch a show that aired a few months ago, you may not be cool with
that at all. Gaps in Hulu’s free service may not be as frustrating for users,
because they’re not out any cash. But it is a problem for the joint venture as
it ponders a public offering, premised on the notion that its TV
partners/owners–ABC, Fox and GE/Comcast’s NBC–are in it for the long haul. But
if Hulu can’t tell users that it has all the rights it needs, how can it
convince investors? Meanwhile, a similarly confusing story: ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101013/hulus-modern-family-problem/feed/ 5 Winklevii
Vs. Zuck: Who'd You Rather? http://allthingsd.com/20101005/winklevii-versus-
zuck-whod-you-rather/ http://allthingsd.com/20101005/winklevii-versus-zuck-
whod-you-rather/#comments Tue, 05 Oct 2010 18:18:14 +0000
http://kara.allthingsd.com/?p=34897 The Facebook movie might have performed
slightly below box office expectations last weekend for Sony (SNE) movie unit
Columbia Pictures, but it certainly has invaded the mainstream zeitgeist.
That’s not much of a surprise, given the relentless marketing campaign by the
makers of “The Social Network,” which opened wide last Friday. It has garnered
terrific critical acclaim. Still, BoomTown was quite surprised to see a
mention of the film on one of my favorite celebrity sites, TMZ.com. Of course,
because it is gossip-saturated, TMZ featured it as one of its naughty regular
features called “Who’d You Rather?” As in…well, you get the point. This time
they pitted Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg against the Winklevoss
twins in a “Facebook Fight.” “As part of the movie ‘The Social Network,’ twin
brothers Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss claim their Harvard [University]
classmate Mark Zuckerberg stole their idea and created what is now this little
website called Facebook,” TMZ wrote. Also surprising, as you can see from the
screenshot above, given what hunks of dudeness the Winklevii clearly are, is
that Zuckerberg seems to be attracting one-third of the votes compared with
their two-thirds. And since there are two of them, the billionaire social
networking wunderkind could be considered tied with the brothers! Sweet
justice after the slamming the Winklevii have been giving Zuckerberg in the
media of late, even though they had signed a confidentiality agreement after
their first $65 million settlement with him? The Winklevii are trying to have
that overturned and are inexplicably going for more, of course, which should
keep the themes of the movie resonating for a while. That will also be true if
“The Social Network” garners some award nominations, especially the Oscar.
Also interesting will be to see if the movie will perform well this weekend or
will drop off. It’s so far proved popular in the big cities on the coasts and
in Silicon Valley, but now it has to go wide to make some real dough. But, for
sure, it will be on television eventually. Today, the FX cable network said it
had bought the broadcast premiere rights to the movie. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20101005/winklevii-versus-zuck-whod-you-rather/feed/ 0 A
Store, a Cloud Service and Sharing: Here's What Google Music Might Look Like
http://allthingsd.com/20100915/a-store-a-cloud-service-and-sharing-heres-what-
google-might-look-like/ http://allthingsd.com/20100915/a-store-a-cloud-
service-and-sharing-heres-what-google-might-look-like/#comments Wed, 15 Sep
2010 17:13:37 +0000 http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=23515 A download store,
a music locker and the ability to share some of your music with your friends,
for $25 a year. That’s what Google would like its music service to look like.
So says Billboard’s Ed Christman, who has been talking to label executives
familiar with Google’s (GOOG) proposals for its yet-to-be-launched service.
The music industry hasn’t agreed to any of this yet, so the gap between “like
to” and “will be” could be significant. But it’s worth reading Christman’s
piece to get a sense of what the Google guys are looking for. In short: Google
would like to sell music a track at a time, just as Apple’s iTunes does.
Google would like to give users the ability to listen to any track all the way
through, at least once, as MySpace Music does, and Lala did before Apple
(AAPL) acquired it and shut it down. Google’s music search service provides
free full plays for some songs but not others. Google would like to offer a
$25 a year “locker service,” where any music you own, no matter where you
procured it, would be stored on an Internet server. You could then listen to a
stream of the song no matter where you where, via a Web player or a mobile
phone. Google would like to let subscribers share their music with their
friends, allowing them to listen to a song a single time. All of which sounds
pretty good. And all of which sounds like concepts that the labels would be
fine with, in theory–even the part about letting you access songs you “shared”
via P2P services. The sticking point, of course, will be money: How much will
the labels demand up front, how much will they charge per user or per use, and
how will the money be split up between different rights holders? The last part
is a question that often gets ignored when people start spitballing ideas for
music services, but it’s crucial, because music rights are a complicated web
that tangles up even the best intentions. Even if the “labels” agree to
Google’s terms, that likely won’t be enough, because the “labels” don’t
usually own songs outright–any given song or catalog may have multiple owners.
That’s not a problem if you simply want to open up another download store, or
even a streaming subscription service, because there’s a broad consensus about
how to split up the pennies that those generate. But with something new, like
the locker/sharing proposal, there are a lot of cats to herd. Which makes this
stuff interesting but far from definitive. ]]>
http://allthingsd.com/20100915/a-store-a-cloud-service-and-sharing-heres-what-
google-might-look-like/feed/ 0 Hulu's Subscription Service Could Come Next
Week–For Some of You http://allthingsd.com/20100624/hulu-subscription-for-
some-of-you-could-come-next-week/ http://allthingsd.com/20100624/hulu-
subscription-for-some-of-you-could-come-next-week/#comments Fri, 25 Jun 2010
02:28:50 +0000 http://mediamemo.allthingsd.com/?p=21011 Some of you may
finally get a chance to pay for Hulu. The video Web site is finalizing plans
to launch its subscription service, and people familiar with the company say a
beta test of “Hulu Plus” could launch as early as next week. If you’re in a
select group, that is. One person familiar with the site, owned by a joint
venture of broadcasters and Providence Equity Partners, says the initial test
could be limited to 10,000 people. The Hulu Plus pitch, as I’ve previously
reported: $9.95 a month for access to a deeper catalog of shows than the free
service currently offers, plus the ability to watch it on devices other than a
laptop or PC, including Apple’s (AAPL) iPad. Other reports this month indicate
that the service may also be available on Microsoft’s (MSFT) Xbox and Sony’s
(SNE) PS3 game consoles. I’m also told that Hulu’s network owners–GE’s (GE)
NBC, Disney’s (DIS) ABC and News Corp.’s (NWS) Fox–are still hammering out
rights deals for particular shows. So it’s possible that the launch could be
pushed back or that the service will have weird gaps in its catalog when it
does launch. One example of a possible programming stumbling block: Viacom’s
(VIA) “Comedy Central” has rights to older episodes of NBC’s “30 Rock.” Hulu
says it is already turning a profit from ad sales and is on track to generate
more than $200 million in revenue this year. A successful subscription service
would beef up those numbers. It would also accomplish an equally important
goal for CEO Jason Kilar: Mollifying his network owners, who worry that Hulu
is cutting into their existing businesses, including licensing fees, DVD sales
and conventional TV advertising. Hulu and its network partners would split the
$10-per-head fee, I’m told, though I don’t know the formula the JV will use to
split up the dollars. No comment from Hulu. The Wall Street Journal is also
reporting on Hulu’s plans. ]]> http://allthingsd.com/20100624/hulu-
subscription-for-some-of-you-could-come-next-week/feed/ 0