WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher
Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Day 50: Yahoo Takes a $300 Million Little Blue
Pill That Could Make Consumers Even More Paranoid September 5, 2007 at 2:29 am
PT Tweet Share Print Yahoo is watching you! Now, as it turns out, more than
ever after it forked over $300 million yesterday for an ad network that
specializes in the hyper-trendy data analytics arena. The savvy purchase marks
the 50th day of Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang’s 100-day trek to finding nirvana for the
troubled Web company. This day, it seems, by spending a pile of cash for an
innovative ad network called BlueLithium. It is clearly a score for its
investors Walden Venture Capital and 3i. (And interestingly, its board
includes Interactive Advertising Bureau co-founder Rich LeFurgy, now at Archer
Advisors, and also former Time Warner and CompuServe exec Scott Kauffman). Why
Yahoo could not have created this kind of thing itself is a query for another
day, but there is no question it will give it a nice push in its quest to
service a range of other Web sites beyond Yahoo with a more sophisticated ad
network. The venture-backed BlueLithium, which has been around since early
2004, basically buys display ad banners from other Web sites and resells them
to bigger advertisers using behavioral targeting as its silver bullet. You
know the drill: If I am searching on Rome, I must be interested in going there
and, presto, I get an ad for plane flights or hotels or tours…blah, blah,
blah. Another pitch of outfits like BlueLithium, of course, is that consumers
are happier because they get just the right ads served up to them. “By
combining behavioral, contextual and demographic click stream data with
advanced analytics and sophisticated ad targeting, we’re able to deliver ads
that people are actually interested in,” notes its Web site. “This leads to
higher response rates and sales for marketers and more revenue for publishers.
But it also leads to higher quality ads and less clutter for Internet users,
which is just as important.” Oh, yes, thanks for the favor! In fact, such ad
cyber-stalking–even when done with strict privacy rules–is surely getting
creepier than ever, but is obviously inevitable. And necessary, it seems for
Yahoo, which saw a big falloff in its own graphical ad business on its sites
recently and needs more variety to broker to ever-pickier advertisers. It
follows its acquisition of the remaining part of Right Media, another online
ad exchange. Why the company is called BlueLithium is not entirely clear to
me, although lithium salts are excellent mood stabilizers, which can work on
both mania and depression. Perfect for Yahoo these days! Please see this
disclosure related to me and Google. Tagged with: advertising, BlueLithium,
BoomTown, digital, Internet, Jerry Yang, Yahoo Third Foxconn Worker Dies Due
to Explosion, Apparently Caused by “Combustible Dust” May 22, 2011 at 10:54 am
PT Viral Video: Motion Capture Magic in Jackson and Spielberg Movie “Tintin”
May 19, 2011 at 12:54 am PT Video: Omniture Founder Josh James Talks About
$10M Funding of Hot Start-Up–and Hotter Legal Cat Fight With Adobe May 18,
2011 at 9:21 pm PT LinkedIn Will Price at $45 a Share (Yes, That Would Be a
$4.5B Valuation) May 18, 2011 at 1:59 pm PT Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg on
Women in Workplace: “Don’t Leave Before You Leave” May 18, 2011 at 6:15 am PT
AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine
Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike
Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news,
analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is
different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media
styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more »
About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy »
FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip »
Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most
influential figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences:
D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us
on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version