WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's
Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student
Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine
AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices
Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We
Say Hello engineering 141 posts and columns on engineering All Writers Kara
Swisher Walt Mossberg John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried
Liz Gannes Tricia Duryee Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey Exclusive: Foursquare Raises a $35 Million Round and Adds DFJ’s
Schuler to the Board Kara Swisher in Media on December 19, 2013 at 8:00 am PT
They told you so. Kick the Can — Yahoo Mail Is a Consumer Disaster, but
Company’s Response Is Even Worse Kara Swisher in Media on December 11, 2013 at
12:03 pm PT Memo to Yahoo Mail users: Protect your flanks. Twitter Breaks Down
How Its Engineering Teams Work Mike Isaac in Social on December 9, 2013 at
7:55 am PT Slow and steady wins the race, according to Twitter’s engineering
philosophy. News Byte Pinterest Loses Head of Engineering Jon Jenkins Liz
Gannes in News on December 4, 2013 at 9:56 pm PT Jon Jenkins, the head of
engineering that Pinterest hired from Amazon a little over a year ago, has
left the company, as TechCrunch noted based on a Quora explanation he posted.
Jenkins said he wanted to do his own startup. Said Pinterest, “We’d like to
thank JJ for his contribution to Pinterest and wish him all the best on his
next project. We feel fortunate to have leaders within engineering who are
ready to step up and run the organization while we recruit for a permanent
head of engineering.” Twitter Considered Buying Topsy, Too — Here’s Why It
Didn’t Happen Mike Isaac in Social on December 3, 2013 at 2:53 pm PT The data
mining startup had more than one big tech company interested in buying it.
News Byte Yahoo Loses New Top Data Scientist to eBay Kara Swisher in News on
November 6, 2013 at 9:01 am PT Tim Converse, one of Yahoo’s higher-ranking
data scientists, who arrived at the company early this year via an
acquisition, has been hired away by eBay. He will lead its search-science
engineering team, reporting to search technology VP Dan Fain. Converse is co-
founder of Jybe, a mobile app for recommendation and social discovery that the
Silicon Valley Internet giant bought in March. His LinkedIn profile notes
that, at Yahoo, he “worked on machine learning techniques for the
personalization group.” News Byte Microsoft Names Exec to Top Skype Post Kara
Swisher in News on October 29, 2013 at 4:09 pm PT Microsoft has named Gurdeep
Singh Pall to replace the departing Mark Gillett as corporate VP for Skype, as
well as its Lync communications product. Gillett, who took a job as head of
value creation at private equity firm Silver Lake, had been responsible for
Skype’s product, engineering and operations worldwide, duties that will now
fall to Pall. An experienced engineer, Pall was most recently CVP of
Information Platform & Experience in Microsoft’s new Applications and Services
division. Before that, he was CVP of the Office Lync & Speech group. Departing
Skype Exec Gillett to Become Head of “Value Creation” at Silver Lake Kara
Swisher in Media on October 28, 2013 at 11:15 am PT Mystery managed, as the
British exec might say! News Byte Top Skype Exec Mark Gillett Departs
Microsoft Kara Swisher in Media on October 28, 2013 at 6:45 am PT According to
an internal memo sent this morning to employees, top Skype exec Mark Gillett
is leaving Microsoft. Sources said that Gillett — who is corporate VP for
Skype, as well as its Lync product — has another job he is headed to, although
the memo did not mention where he was going. Gillett, who is responsible for
Skype’s product, engineering and operations globally, has been with the online
telephony company for several years, including before Microsoft bought it.
Previous to that, he worked at private equity giant Silver Lake in Europe.
Apple’s BlackBerry Employee-Poaching Party John Paczkowski in Mobile on
October 11, 2013 at 3:03 am PT Hey, BlackBerry employees! Apple’s recruiting
team is hosting a career event in your town! Facebook Engineering and Products
VP Greg Badros to Leave Company Mike Isaac in Social, September 20, 2013 at
2:50 pm PT Path Names Kallol Das New VP of Engineering Mike Isaac in Social,
August 16, 2013 at 7:00 am PT Yahoo Paid $60M to $70M for Rockmelt — Will Dump
Browser and Use Tech to Better Deliver Its Media and Mobile Properties Kara
Swisher in Social, August 2, 2013 at 10:29 am PT Another Top Yahoo Exec to
Step Down — SVP Ops David Dibble Quits Job, but Remains Adviser to CEO Mayer
Kara Swisher in News, July 29, 2013 at 2:36 pm PT Aiming for “Functional
Coherence,” Mulling a Different P&L; and With Advice From Ford CEO, Microsoft
Restructuring Set for Thursday Kara Swisher in News, July 8, 2013 at 4:33 pm
PT 23andMe Names Former Gilt Exec Andy Page as President (Video) Kara Swisher
in News, June 11, 2013 at 8:30 am PT “Nerd Circus” Steam Carnival Reaches
$100,000 Kickstarter Goal HTC One Unlocked, Siri’s Source and the 49ers’ New
Stadium — Five Things You Missed From Day Three of D11 Eric Johnson in D11,
May 31, 2013 at 4:00 am PT Steam Carnival Is One Big Traveling Nerd Circus.
Here’s Why You Should Go (Video) Lauren Goode in D11, May 29, 2013 at 2:05 pm
PT Facebook Engineering Director Josh Wiseman Departs for EIR Gig Mike Isaac
in Social, May 8, 2013 at 1:33 pm PT Twitter’s Glass App Spotted in the Wild
(And, Yes, It’s Probably Real) Mike Isaac in Social, April 29, 2013 at 5:35 pm
PT Facebook Wants to Bring Its Home to the World Mike Isaac in Dive Into
Mobile, April 16, 2013 at 10:51 am PT Elissa Murphy, One of Yahoo’s High-
Profile Tech Execs, Heads to Go Daddy as CTO (Memo Time!) Kara Swisher in
News, April 2, 2013 at 10:24 am PT Twitter Untangles Its Overgrown Org Chart
Mike Isaac in News, March 20, 2013 at 1:05 pm PT Exclusive: In Yet Another
Internal Hire, Yahoo’s Mayer Makes Mann Search Head Kara Swisher in News,
February 19, 2013 at 12:27 am PT Page 1 of 612345Next...Last AllThingsD by
Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter
Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha
Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and
opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other
sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different
topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us »
Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms
of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily
Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential
figures in technology, unscriptedand upfront. More » Conferences: D: All
Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on
Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple)
@ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews
(Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher)
@JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka
(Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik
Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha
(Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News
Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology
Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John
Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl
Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2019 Dow Jones &
Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Version