Home Browse Topics Series Events From Sponsors WSJ.com Search Now Playing
5/23/2013 7:00AM Russian and Latin American Mobile Markets Michael Hecker of
Mobile TeleSystems (MTS), Russia's largest wireless carrier, and Carlos
Domingo of Spain-based Telefonica took the stage at D: Mobile to discuss their
respective markets with Ina Fried of AllThingsD. Here's the full session
video. Transcript This transcript has been automatically generated and may not
be 100% accurate.... the ... well ... from Telefonica let me know and from
anti US and Russia ... Michael Pachter ... of ... suppose ... I ask you dear
to you you were a number of interesting that both you is that as an individual
and Telefonica as the company ... I'm starting with the company up for those
of the motel for the big global carrier ... big in Europe but also a really
big in Latin America ... um you guys are what roughly evenly divided between
deter Western European markets and emerging markets some revenue Weiss is
fifty fifty ... fifty percent comes from Europe ... on ... last year than last
year was a person to lead America became a slightly bigger ... but in terms of
customers recover one hundred million ... euro but two hundred meters ... so
... to all of ... the chemical abuse me that ... the revenue per customer is
... small ... revenue was ... fifty three ... you were there is your kind of
the person responsible for figuring out what's next both from a business model
perspective from a device perspective ... when you spend your time looking at
... say yes I'm not typing work and that the definition of business I work
more than eighteen years of overdue Indian cricket it is tough ... to find a
house in a separate business called ... it a good thing to do but ... you know
the new opportunities including the white space so ... the softener in um had
been part of their profits was for the ... last couple of years working with a
... whim of the top um we did the first ... Connaughton spinning more local
this one ... in a year ago with the brand and its homework here ... in the
audience and an ... ocean of these dear diary unknowns that ... you know the
funds to biblical close ... including Telefonica wooden launches in Brazil ...
means of a column in Spain on him for more countries by the end of the year
... I'm ... the besides that we had everything all the opportunities being
connected to lead ... us to visit with the help ... of motion commission
Internet of Things a number of speakers a unit of the top of it ... what other
is the can that that's right you guys a big if it is that you know we're
talking the stage I got a mobile Congress and there's all these panels ...
with the European carriers complaining about their business is ... one in the
regulators to do something different what what I've appreciate about you guys
as he does Okada said okay it's a tough business ... that said the disorder
will go into ... what are the most promising having news for you guys and on
this one gets a ... lot of that because that's a growing market ... aam but
putting it in these mature markets what are the most promising areas for you
guys ... so stomach to different businesses some owned it on the deed to be
... these mobile protected diesel bringing in a panic to beat it ... with
businesses about computing is something that you cannot because the kids ...
the alterations I'm I'm I'm good to component ... our openness to the U S
company Kong ... Joanne to be invested in ... which it claimed their stuff in
Europe and America ... in a financial services um but is very different your
up in America or Europe is more of all payments on ... an upswing in Latin
America above most people into hunger comes ... to cunning unthinkable pain
with immobile on the first thing you need to ... use it right a few more
coming into into Banca company but the McChrystal morning there ... on time
for morning and the console was a ... very different situation Mohamad
indenture Reef that with much the car ... and then I think that ...
communications for space is still not DoD note over so two weeks in what's up
this morning I think ... they've done something which I thought none of which
use innovative the communications but we've been sitting on estimates of
things like that without ... changing into my so will we do nice looking up
what are the opportunities we know written communications ... we don't like
going and trying to compete head to head with up with the details but what's
up so we if the put something in the pickle to go ... the basic yellows that
figure up the phone number ... awesome op and and put it in in all the sort of
the boxes I'm that's painted it started to pick up on posts what are ... when
you stamp and number ... allows you to call with no coverage ... aam but the
bridge and a further define understood something we can come from the network
... we didn't have those ... opportunities that a unit that was covered ... in
it ... no one inside packing a bit into some of the specifics are some really
interesting businesses there but I'll what opinion Michael ... so you you are
working in one of the largest markets are we really haven't talked about much
at the conference ... MTS for this demo largest carrier in Russia ... Gas nor
his time ... and you do business in a bunch of other ... Russian and Eastern
European countries yell woo we do business in five countries like Russia or
Ukraine Armenia from Aniston or a suspect is how we lost on the way ... um ...
we like ... they think that that smaller than Telefonica hundred Boeing
customers ... big business focused courses Russia which is the ... second-
biggest market in Europe eighty million ... customers there ... while
customers fix customers pay TV ... and all of conductivity and the all the
other opportunities by iconic TV though there are focusing on ... something a
little picture of the the Russian ... market and our it's it's growing fast
... art is it a lot of feature phone owners is that smartphone penetration
heavy ... aam from a from an economic standpoint is that pretty healthy and
profitable what what is the Russian market look like as the carrier yet it's
the first bullet it's a healthy and profitable market ... um it's a it's a
mixed market you basically have ... the all the features of an emerging market
Andy of all the features of a developed market in the same market ... yet we
have electricity like Moscow which is basically like a London Big ...
conglomeration hierarchy is funded eve of a total con activity ... very high
smartphone penetration sizzling I Phones to reach people in Moscow rally on
the idea of Moscow was the city we have the biggest I've competition in the
very early days they were all the black market of that time but that though it
was still the biggest penetration ... um ... we we have a overall a smartphone
penetration from above twenty five percent ... very strongly growing but we
also have ... areas in the country where the arches of those smartphone
penetration is still though ... that we have different interests and different
regions this is so it's it's it's it's it makes its a mix of a ... developing
market and it's a mix of developed markets ... and that gives us different
opportunities in different regions see your core business is still still
growing in me just providing activity but you guys ought to look a lot of
opportunities beyond connectivity absolutely were were were looking out on the
one hand we have our traditional business connectivity but will first we know
that come come activity is limited and growth and we're looking at specific
opportunities that ... that our market it gives that ... are not really the
opportunities you would ... traditionally find in in the developed markets is
one of its banking as retail banking ... not not not just the use of
transaction services payment services all that but it's it's classical to
consumer credit retail ... basically credit card business that were were
tapping into what what we do best ... it's it's a huge market going Russia is
is under banked in under ... credit card penetrated Carpentras was below ten
percent ... and ... we were sitting there and saying ok we have a ... we have
basically all the ingredients is that to make a successful bank businesses not
immobile business for the bank business owner US license thing pattern and you
need only ... bought and we bought into the bank and were ... then take
majority there soon consolidated and if you if you run to Russian state is no
fun MTS bank outlets ... and why do we do this because we have probably the
most valuable resource for for banking and in in an environment like Russia we
of customer did ... we know ... the payment history of ... our seventy eighty
million Russian customers we know it was one of time they paid with a regular
payers that there's that there's ... and and and and this kind of financial
data or for that that the payment history of the subscribers is what we use it
for ... the credit scoring ... and that's something that is the most about ...
that so basically if I wanted a card from you guys I'm agreeing as part of my
application yes will have the luck out what im like pay my bill on time ...
how long have I been a customer and ... you know where's in the U S you if you
wanna make out they have the credit rating agencies ... you guys are simply
using your own payment history absolutely beside his credit worthy of
absolutely and that's the best time to to give an example we we have will when
we were comparing it with how ... like retail banks ... are are doing the
scoring just ... one or two ... questions ... into our payment history or
maybe reduces the number of nonperforming loans but fifty percent ... that is
it like very very valuable information of course customers have to agree that
we use this information ... the for data privacy protection reasons ... that
but that enables us to to go up there with credit cards and read at the moment
we're issuing more than a hundred thousand credit cards per month ... we
started last year ... and second quarter when Arabia should love them and
credit cards or are growing ... and is profit ... so I want it we talk alot
about free software for emerging markets different ... services different
hardware and I wanna get a sense for me as is the rise know pretty well ...
with selling what's not what her that we are aam ... and focused on from a ...
one ... sided ... um where is the biggest demand for or ... what are the
services to debate what are the devices to be right now it ... will get into
Firefox bit but where is most of the demand today ... in in Latin America and
in Russia ... and America but there's really be ... in some countries have
been a semiofficial various ... um ... now weasel on when the device this ...
of course feature phone system so people are still buying of feature phones
that ... spot competition from fifteen percent ... thirteen of Kenya won the
Social these is the love of our growth opportunity ... he still top Nokia ...
device instead of a line of the West or ... faster which is the this again to
sixty six to six thirty ... I which is still spending a lot of discussion to a
different dynamic me ... you know visitors outcomes in in Brazil are member
for people saw the weakest in an effort to disarm Opel to ... the party
because it had been a unit of benefit ... of the population of about one ...
of the major difficulties are up ... in a very expensive ... some stories big
of a discount on Galaxy S four but with ... the Bracks which has won a feature
phone mobile and something about this ... Michael what types of devices to do
folks in the emerging you talk about Russia you have ... a mature market in
emerging market when the Emerging Market patter of the business what what are
the devices and services that are big today ... yet mean devices of all forces
like Samsung Nokia also Nokia tradition of very strong ... I phone just sit
significant degree but ... more and be in the pockets of wealth ... and and it
is very very strongly dominated by of by the Android phones very strongly ...
and ... I mean it is ... it is something we we are having partnership with ...
Windows Mobile al ... because we are of course were interested in ... pushing
... pushing somebody else and besides the big two we knew was that the ...
stuff in there you guys want ... yes to more than just Apple Google and you're
not alone all all the carriers want that's absolutely elite was very
interesting seizing five five five zero yesterday in in in in in the morning
or ... for the first on stage ... remind me we we have like one when they see
the Gauna browser business ... the company name and Russia would Yandex you'll
notice in the art ... the big kid like sixty percent market and search for a
good bit of or a big uncertainty also launched into brawls or business they
already have four percent market share ... the the but that is like very
shortly after for months and for for for Turkey with their cousins ... so we
we like ... that in our markets there is other big ones or other trials to to
go into that ... of course so the demand to get the face of the disuse of the
people doubled the third ... you know can it be fun to me ... the division
which reported far from physical because it is the one ... bodies because his
nope I knew that the system is the Web aam and that the biggest problem today
... aam is nobody to buy is trying to news that the few of the cost of the
house ... why is that by switching one of the devices were convicted on this
and we bonded because ... W plus a customer you ups that you can migrate ...
so for us is not above um you know bring in up to one of if the one I miss the
mark ... they will be pinning all Micra soft you know who ... to traditional
fixed us a slightly above the base of of like precisely ... decoupling ... you
know the ups on the services that are getting on the device ... from the
harbor from the from the west of people six ... doesn't unit of the windows
... a Dominican of with the new blogger you demanded that the weapons that
would be plexus ... to be the immobile phone slid up and that the state of the
sport for folks ... brings a different story that they would not of operating
on a proprietary ecosystems above ... he says keeping people from proprietary
system someone with a wet ... now I know what we're here and he's backstage
Renault fewer sitting here thank you how you can load it with all sorts of
care services I don't want it all sorts of stuff on it ... or you know wanting
to do with Firefox Celeste is ... that I have two questions one would even to
do with it for your own benefit and then what even to do with it to make it
attractive to customers ... the first one opening on Opinion without of that
happens more in the U S than in Europe with most of them to governments in ...
Europe we Singaporeans on the ... the best thing to do um we also bought
Dominican Schumer services that will put in the device anyway ... ALM so so
that's been happening up ... in quantity printable we do with our folks was
... whiff of developed a bit with most of the things like ... you know
controls the public's iconic years penning some people know how much money ...
this thing on the device and you can put limits Libor blog today to stuff like
that ... between all the was people would know by ... as much to be the kind
of like the other way around ... aam and we're thinking of ... you know what
consumers want to we were just into what's up ... this morning to see whether
they went ... on to that of the photos because we are officially one ... or is
it would be just a ring or ... other services but doesn't between amenable ...
what's up from being there ... loan loved it ... and and there's another
pointed to it would look with the the ... our pop art consumers are most of
our customers do not have credit cards ... so ... we we have the bill in
relation which is important for the app store ... the Barisan with Android ...
and and we can get good deals to from ... Firefox and from from others coming
and because they say ok we give you a higher share this year for you got the
bill in relationship we wanna go into this market you get a higher share back
Amanda macam of numbers here ... but that that that is something that is
attractive for us and is promoting ... this from where it will promote the
service but we also got a return from from from ... I think we ... in general
I think folks ... understand pretty well why ... Mozilla's an attractive you
know alternative ... particularly for the carriers and they have their ... own
... event in Barcelona ... you know in most of the time was spent with Carlos
and your boss and ... making other carrier folks getting up there and saying
how much they love what they're doing ... very little time was spent saying as
a consumer ... in open and not an I phone consumer that's not they're going
after but even as in relative ease of the low end Intrade why am I gonna want
this device ... how are you guys in on tackling the challenge is ... in the
mid seventy dollars or whatever the Stones sell for which is is the fairly low
someone will create a low end Android devices that seem ... to be unquenchable
about ... the women a bid to become law will Congress because that's ... what
an industry conference ... but certainly you know we know the consumption of a
buying ... opportunity but just because it benefits the card but something up
so ... we think consumers revised and the device if it brings invited to that
... so first the difference between from the sun is that these ... devices
offer a knife and use the four hundred ... in a high number news for dinner
that year towards the land ... they're much cheaper and there for people come
from feature phones that is basically one of ... the good you know browsing
experience of the device in the new book but some of its services ... the new
the new freeway so ... we think the bus with ... a profit which brings for
church ... on big wheels on a lot of ... is this cheap and the devices but
with a lot of pour the tip of the devices because ... you know when they go to
the Apple ... app store or the running of Overstock their produces them to
come about whatever up ... with a gentle calling its mythical us because we
saw the movie but they complained the ... new device ... the APUs Madera the
cob repeated the first of the operating system ... Tuesday agreeing ... us
condition of the moment ... for for that file open tumors when something a lot
to do this and began to ... use a double payment rates for most people the
people on them ... today because he studied cricket given on what we doing is
bringing them into bins for people complete with ... is that if they are of
course it is the key and that about ... well with this one a ... for shop but
the but we think it's can it be ... a different station and we are going ...
interesting stuff so we did that we'd moved into this that the company got a
bit of me ... but he's doing something really interesting on searching for
Optum pecan them ... up on the onthe Malo what other to slow you to be delayed
and the pumping into the device so you know in contrast to you know Facebook
saying you know what people want most of their friends ... everything got me
the approach is what you want on any given day really changes in your home
screen should be the five ABC's yesterday it should be a collection of stuff
that ... this algorithm thinks he'll want to even think of others Princeton in
one of my phone ... this of this meal the time of the country ... YouTube on
the website of the state office that use the link ups with a new one is a new
kid on the blink ... and it sells due to pox as these often go Mobius
happening to good to be up because of started on will be up ... on and on top
of the puzzle which administer the app is the motive when you opened up the
context of what you were looking for is completely lost ... his notching a
really good experience with in depth to the wet ... beatific says the spark
plug is not a good thing the ... course of things ... aam and this is ... what
we're trying to implement the on our folks it's a bit to get open access ...
to call the company will ... make you into Windows Phone a sudden you guys
have had to have invested in in caring and stuff ... you know that term
estimate on stage earlier talking about aam ... you know that in the U S
unsubsidized markets are really tough sell but it's actually doing better ...
globally one EU seen with Windows Phone but still a tough sell ... it's not
that it goes like this ... very very easy but is something that we will we
believe we as parents we need to push that ... because of that if we don't
push that it's nobody's gonna push it out there ... and the it all ... at the
end of the D yes I mean the job is when does Delta to deliver a phone that
that that the band's voted to the customer and delivers a superior experience
but ... it is something where we as one of the party in the ecosystem we say
ok if we don't if we if we don't support about them ... the timber gonna have
to do well to leave there until the end of the days and and that's not what we
want ... the giving you what you need to sell it what's well with less wind up
in numbers here but it is something where I think ... it is it's the it's
strategically it's a win-win ... so strategically it's a win-win from a
business perspective it's still ... well it needs to be seen ... aam what what
the other things that you guys over the carpet and what what are the things
that resonate with EU in terms of the products and services WhatsApp is
obviously very big ... deal most people here ... in the U S a it's it's here
but it's not it's not a big thing we use ... Facebook messenger I message but
globally WhatsApp is pretty day Hartford which hits ... in Spain ... which is
far from just twenty ... eight ... and two competitions so they know what
something that ... of these messaging upstart kind of thing The from the from
up from the social networks like ... life has become people are moving ... up
to what's up to nine which has become the ... most reported here on her line
in in the US Britain and Spain is really big and ... they've been unit to be
commercials are doing to promote the opposition which you've never seen before
... one of the things that doesn't think ... that that that the mobile
internet is at least what what what when it comes to Russia as some of them
like China ... there is a specific local players but every day surges iam
decks ... it's so fun outbursts out dominated by Facebook up by local players
... so there is a lot of local comic at the icon of ... the Internet
environment that is very important to us ... and to free folks to start lining
up for questions um ... so given given what you said about without being so
big I mean ... is Adam I have for Firefox OS I imagine there's a list ... of
apps that ... really to be competitive in the making I don't think the
consumer cares whether WhatsApp is delivered as a web app that they care if
it's there yet yet on if that would be on the list of must haves like that
that's one of the important ones would know his union Facebook given up ...
the new teacher you need to double up on them ... of these kind of of of local
content ... and in his abilities word you don't need to Hoffman discuss the
big one ... but the need of an obvious competitive but has continued to cups
of cold storage and two cups of milk picking ... up new Sica it's good to
speed up some music companies both in its Kindle Fire ... we basically both
... of them to things like one of the stuff blow up so we need to cough ...
never content and in this the pool collapse that if it continues on with
things with that ... before ... you know eighty nine depiction of what people
one on shooting people that are moving from ... a feature phone where dental
Hamann affects us live this abusive ... that didn't fixing them I'm a coupon
... well one of things to different in Russia's traffic apps like Kufa
navigation apps like dam's ... which is on smoke was a Russian cities are are
are are not built for the for the amount of cars that are there today ... so
that a lot like and many other person will first but full of gems and ...
beads that the navigation apps Mobile Apps Don't makes apps and so on are are
very very important indeed these are must haves ... I ... hopefully ... this
curious what your ... in your country is what you think the carrier's role is
in the app ecosystem ... is it like go on Apple take care of it to you play a
role there and merchandising ... whip so we're prayer on payments ... this
video merchandise social we do our bidding agreement with Facebook wrong with
that ... I would go go ... in and started to drift right to free up stores but
the real work ... the thing is they can be good to be competitive with ...
with the app store but easily beat them into the operating system so to prop
up from doing that in some countries I know ... some guys have been integrated
with the need to know what the market to market apps are huge with alter of
Long ... Norwood in some deals with the for pre disposed of with ups and in in
some clubs are big breakfast of Spotify's begin Europe ... to what we're doing
is this a good bonding with the comic to consider buying connected differ ...
from Telefonica has put a fight for freedom of a dividend to be fit with ...
the ASA sets in here and is very very selective marketing of apps but overall
firstly leave it to to to to to to the big ones ... but ... the carrier
building brings us into the merchandising ... given down for naps or to the
whole user experience ... were the things that puts the carrier just like how
do ... you let go of that big of a part of the ... house for snow is asking
nicely if you're a dumb I ideas which are not subtle kind of putting that's
... been ... reset of Opes move ... things ... pray much for being an umpire
them up ... I think that what would move us from being about biking we had
been deprived of bidders ... will be connecting hub of the successful on I
think what we didn't use ... you know there's something it's the mobile
companies to become the carriers of a lot of company because the most of them
up ... on TV businesses some on the TV business for the exits content ... of
this of all payments ... on ... the financial services ... um this stuff
coming up by ... more than to be to be a space with its more CDs and other
activities ... but I think that we should avoid having to oriented just
because someone is successful solutions ... to go there ... but the could be
because women of their assets to be competitive ... but we we don't have a
problem being a dump of as long as the bump up delivers us the investment
funds for from going into other businesses like lala ... like it ...
especially financial services and retail banking ... the antenna which is of
course and avoid rush of ... tremendously growing in a given the topography of
the country ... so um ... the the the it's nice to be dumped by the key if you
can take the funds to go to other businesses that some well paid I it you're
fine with that not all is is it going well enough time welcoming over on with
that it's it's it's the one part of our business model of course is classical
come activity which delivers this the the the the the funds did to the other
businesses on the ... bodily oh it's it's it's us into the second leg Russia
... is the biggest one of the world to go to one of us to under fifty cities
but like the calm activity in Tibet the productivity of their require some
funding so senior out some ... dumb pipe returns to to be reinvested ...
you've done is conducting its own ... good when it's nowhere the core
businesses of a ruffle the core business is no doubt some new devices and the
reason did in gas to sell more devices and to ... help people into one
particular device to make money when I worked ... for us that the core
businesses connected it with a win like it or not ... I think we need to get
into service he says the two ways one is pro new revenue streams and that's
when I'm beat this thing ... for me to the economy because his pace is more of
all ... we can in the customer relationship and on retaining unit
differentiating from ... from all the cars rather than trying to make ...
specific morning with that with that ... is that he's decided it's a small
oven ... making when I get off the couple ... went over the government's
twenty oh naps so ... so when when you diversity are watching what you know
what it what are some other things the you've heard that offended me do that
is the light now now that's not the case is that ... you know is that ...
their expert saying that Google and Samsung are buddies ... as if that's the
Facebook Google thing I mean what what are the things the right guy to know
about that but I think that the ... Orix optimism regarding ... his
cooperation on Facebook Home was need still to be seen whether it's
sustainable ... this I mean everyone is a pretty good crack them posted this
one is so you face Cooper who was looking to expand ... you know there's no
point and the two for the telling the story that people want to hear that
everyone loves our focus when I get to ... you guys love Apple after we ask
... them to study and ... we did this is ... all ... they were given three
double what we do business with all the other companies know this is the US's
company to do with ... identify of ... all the conditions for or percentage of
obesity ... you know would also serve the costs Mr. Dickerson one of the more
often than I first to the customs and we we we don't love them but we do
business with them ... people will leave it there thank you guys both so much
... Up Next Editor Picks 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell Won't Resign if Asked
1/4/2019 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News for President Trump?
1/4/2019 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 3:35
China Makes Historic Moon Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 More →
Editor Picks 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of the House of
Representatives 1/3/2019 The new Democratic-controlled House elected Nancy
Pelosi as speaker of the House on Thursday amid a battle with President Trump
over border-wall funding. Photo: Getty 2:56 Businesses Prepare for Prospect of
'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim Jong Un's New
Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:43 Trump Sticks to Border Wall Demands as
Shutdown Continues 1/2/2019 6:03PM 24:45 Safe Haven: One Family's Journey
After Hurricane Florence 12/31/2018 3:24PM More → More → Moving Upstream 9:56
Electric Scooters: Israel’s Two-Wheeled Solution to Traffic and Sabbath
12/20/2018 Electric-scooter rental companies are hitting speed bumps in the
U.S. over safety and other concerns. But in Tel Aviv, one in 10 residents has
rented a Bird e-scooter, and the city appears to be embracing them. WSJ’s
Jason Bellini takes a look at the challenges and potential lessons of the
e-scooter craze. 0:54 Tasting the World’s First Test-Tube Steak 12/11/2018
5:30AM 9:58 High Insulin Prices Drive Diabetics to Take Extreme Measures
12/3/2018 5:30AM 9:57 Facial Recognition Tech Aims to Identify Good and Evil
11/19/2018 5:30AM 9:54 The Future of Flight: AI in the Cockpit 11/12/2018
5:30AM More → Recommended for you 2:15 Is the December Job Report Good News
For President Trump? 1/4/2019 The government released a blockbuster jobs
report despite a trade war with China and a partial government shutdown. WSJ's
Gerald F. Seib explains what this report means for President Trump. Photo:
Getty 2:23 The Main Reasons for Apple’s Revenue Shortfall 1/3/2019 8:53PM 1:42
Holtz-Eakin: The Fed Has Not Overdone It 1/4/2019 10:00PM 1:41 The Opposite
Sides of the Shutdown Talks 1/4/2019 5:49PM 3:35 China Makes Historic Moon
Landing, Boosting Rivalry With U.S. 1/3/2019 9:08AM 1:42 Fed Chairman Powell
Won't Resign if Asked 1/4/2019 11:52AM 1:28 Nancy Pelosi Is Elected Speaker of
the House of Representatives 1/3/2019 4:40PM 2:56 Businesses Prepare for
Prospect of 'No-Deal' Brexit 1/3/2019 6:00AM 3:19 What Did We Learn From Kim
Jong Un's New Year Address? 1/3/2019 5:30AM 1:04 Trump Slams Mattis Over
Afghanistan 1/2/2019 5:07PM 4:43 Didn't Get the Job? The Robots May Not Have
Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018 7:00AM More → Featured Content
11:59 Violence Made Her Flee. Now She’s at the Border 12/28/2018 Fleeing
violence from her hometown in Honduras, Gabriela Rodriguez traveled thousands
of miles with her daughter to the Mexico - U.S. border in Tijuana. The Wall
Street Journal followed her as she weighed her options to cross into the U.S.,
hoping to leave behind her past. Photo/Video: Jake Nicol/WSJ 6:30 The Struggle
to Keep a Son's Promise 12/31/2018 7:00AM 9:35 What Trump Did to Silence
Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal 11/9/2018 12:33PM 8:53 How Scammers in China
Manipulate Amazon 12/17/2018 5:55AM 9:18 Chefs Speak Out on Mental Health in
the Restaurant Industry 11/12/2018 12:28PM More → More → Tech 4:43 Didn't Get
the Job? The Robots May Not Have Liked Your Social Media Activity 12/30/2018
DeepSense, based in San Francisco and New Delhi, uses artificial intelligence
to assess job candidates’ personalities based on their social media accounts.
WSJ’s Jason Bellini tested the tool. 9:39 Cold Pursuits: A Scientist's Quest
to Uncover Antarctica's Secrets 12/29/2018 12:00PM 3:26 Facial Recognition
Spurs Privacy Concerns, Even Among Its Creators 12/24/2018 10:59AM 2:40 Easy
Upgrades for Your Family's TV 12/23/2018 8:30AM 4:59 Where Amazon Reviews
Really Come From 12/20/2018 8:50AM More → More → Life & Culture 2:21 The
Secret to World Famous Carrot Cake (Hint: Jail) 12/25/2018 This Christmas at
the Rikers Island jail complex, inmates and the staff are looking forward to a
special treat from the jails’ bakery. We went inside. Photo: Natalia V.
Osipova/The Wall Street Journal 4:21 Three Boys Explain Why They Play Fortnite
Every Chance They Get 12/21/2018 8:00AM 4:03 Your Home Needs a Robot Vacuum
12/16/2018 8:30AM 3:43 Lab-Grown Meat Prompts Rabbis to Consider the
Impossible: Kosher Bacon 12/14/2018 3:36PM 4:32 'Beam Me Up, Scotty:' A 'Star
Trek' Home in Silicon Valley 12/6/2018 10:00AM More → More → Sponsored 1:30
Sponsored How Worldly Experiences Can Shape One's Success 1/24/2018 1:00
Sponsored Golf's Data Revolution 9/9/2016 2:16PM 27:34 Sponsored Creating the
Future Workforce 1/17/2017 3:39PM 2:21 Sponsored Am I Doing What I Love?
9/22/2016 11:59PM More → More → Marketwatch, Moneyish and Barron's 2:30 How
automated digital payroll will change the way employees get paid 1/3/2019
Here's how the 'consumerization' of payroll could affect when and how you
receive your paycheck. 3:56 When a couple with opposite attitudes about money
buys a house 1/3/2019 7:00AM 3:18 AI could transform the world. Here's what's
holding it back 1/2/2019 7:03AM 1:06 A personality test expert assesses
Hillary Clinton and Warren Buffett 1/2/2019 7:00AM 3:09 Why the banking
industry will spend $100bn in cloud services by 2019 12/28/2018 7:10AM More →
The Wall Street Journal Digital Network WSJ.com WSJ Video MarketWatch.com
Barrons.com BigCharts.com Virtual Stock Exchange About About Content
Partnerships Advertising Advertise Locally Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data
Policy Your Ad Choices Copyright Policy Tools Tablet Edition Podcasts RSS
Feeds WSJ on Twitter WSJ on Facebook Help Help Customer Service Contact Us
Global Support WSJ Podcasts ViewWSJ Videoon WSJ Video Home Topics Browse
Videos Programs Events Content from Sponsors View WSJ Video On